---
title: Skelsa Client Offboarding Form
description: Detailed content for Skelsa Client Offboarding Form.
---

**Skelsa Client Offboarding Form**

**Introduction**

**Thank you for being part of the Skelsa community!**

*As you prepare to move on, we\'d love to hear about your experience.
Your feedback is invaluable in helping us grow and enhance our space for
future members. This short questionnaire should take approximately 5-7
minutes to complete.*

**Basic Information**

**Member Details**

-   Full Name\*

-   Email Address\*

-   Membership Type\*

    -   Hot Desk

    -   Dedicated Desk

    -   Private Office

    -   Enterprise Solution

-   Duration of Membership\*

    -   Less than 3 months

    -   3-6 months

    -   6-12 months

    -   1-2 years

    -   2+ years

-   Last Day at Skelsa\*

**Departure Information**

**Primary Reason for Leaving**

*What is the main reason for your departure?*

-   Business/career change

-   Relocation

-   Financial considerations

-   Space needs changed (grew too large/downsized)

-   Remote work adoption

-   Moving to a different workspace

-   Project completion

-   Dissatisfaction with facilities/services

-   Other (please specify)

**Additional Factors**

*Were there any additional factors that influenced your decision?
(Select all that apply)*

-   Price

-   Location

-   Space features

-   Community fit

-   Amenities

-   Service quality

-   Noise levels

-   Privacy concerns

-   Technology infrastructure

-   Business circumstances

-   None of the above

**Next Workspace Plans**

*What are your future workspace plans?*

-   Moving to another coworking space

-   Leasing a traditional office

-   Working from home

-   Not currently planning to use a workspace

-   Taking a break/sabbatical

-   Uncertain at this time

-   Other (please specify)

*If moving to another workspace, may we ask where?* (Optional)

**Experience Evaluation**

**Overall Experience**

*How would you rate your overall experience at Skelsa?*

-   Exceptional (5)

-   Very Good (4)

-   Satisfactory (3)

-   Somewhat Disappointing (2)

-   Disappointing (1)

**Specific Aspects**

*Please rate your satisfaction with the following aspects of Skelsa:*

**Space & Environment**

-   Biophilic design elements (plants, natural light, etc.)

-   Ergonomic furniture and workspaces

-   Cleanliness and maintenance

-   Noise levels and acoustics

-   Temperature and air quality

-   Aesthetic appeal

-   Access to natural light

-   Private spaces availability

**Amenities & Services**

-   Internet reliability and speed

-   Meeting room availability

-   Phone booth accessibility

-   Printing/scanning services

-   Coffee/tea/refreshments

-   Event spaces

-   Wellness areas

-   Reception services

-   Mail handling

**Community & Experience**

-   Community events quality

-   Networking opportunities

-   Professional development offerings

-   Community management

-   Member diversity

-   Collaboration opportunities

-   Work-life balance support

-   Sense of belonging

**Operations & Support**

-   Staff responsiveness

-   Problem resolution

-   Billing and administrative processes

-   Technology support

-   Move-in experience

-   Communication clarity

-   Value for money

**Impact Assessment**

*To what extent did Skelsa contribute to the following aspects of your
work experience?*

-   Productivity

-   Creativity

-   Well-being

-   Professional connections

-   Business growth

-   Work satisfaction

-   Learning opportunities

-   Work-life balance

*Scale: Significant positive impact (5) to Negative impact (1)*

**Detailed Feedback**

**Memorable Experiences**

*What aspects of Skelsa will you remember most fondly?* (Open text)

**Improvement Areas**

*What specific aspects of Skelsa could be improved?* (Open text)

**Missing Elements**

*Was there anything you wished Skelsa offered that wasn\'t
available?* (Open text)

**Most Valued Features**

*Which three features or aspects of Skelsa did you value most?*

1.  \[Open text\]

2.  \[Open text\]

3.  \[Open text\]

**Least Valued Features**

*Which features or aspects of Skelsa did you find least valuable?* (Open
text)

**Personal Impact Stories**

**Success Stories**

*Did you achieve any significant milestones, successes, or
collaborations while at Skelsa that you\'d be willing to share?*(Open
text)

**Wellness Impact**

*How did Skelsa\'s biophilic design and wellness focus impact your daily
work experience, if at all?* (Open text)

**Community Connections**

*Did you form any meaningful professional connections during your time
at Skelsa?*

-   Yes, several that will continue beyond my time here

-   Yes, a few valuable connections

-   Some casual connections only

-   No significant connections

-   Preferred to work independently

**Future Relationship**

**Alumni Network**

*Would you like to join our Alumni Network to stay connected with the
Skelsa community?*

-   Yes, please add me

-   No, thank you

**Return Potential**

*How likely are you to return to Skelsa if your circumstances change?*

-   Very likely

-   Somewhat likely

-   Uncertain

-   Unlikely

-   Very unlikely

**Referral Willingness**

*How likely are you to recommend Skelsa to a friend or colleague?*

-   Definitely would recommend (10)

-   \[Scale continues down to\]

-   Definitely would not recommend (1)

*May we contact you in the future about your experience at Skelsa?*

-   Yes

-   No

**Testimonial Permission**

*Would you be willing to provide a testimonial about your experience at
Skelsa?*

-   Yes, you can use my feedback as a testimonial

-   Yes, but I\'d like to approve the final text

-   Not at this time

**Exit Process**

**Administrative Matters**

*Please confirm you\'ve completed or scheduled the following:*

-   Returned access cards/keys

-   Removed all personal belongings

-   Settled any outstanding invoices

-   Updated mailing address (if applicable)

-   Returned any borrowed equipment

**Exit Interview**

*Would you be interested in a brief exit interview with our Community
Manager to discuss your experience in more detail?*

-   Yes, please schedule

-   No, thank you

**Final Thoughts**

**Additional Feedback**

*Is there anything else you\'d like to share about your experience at
Skelsa?* (Open text)

**Parting Message**

*Any message you\'d like to leave for the Skelsa team or
community?* (Open text)

**Thank You Message**

**Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback!**

*Your insights will help us continue to evolve Skelsa as a premier
workspace designed for well-being, productivity, and community. We wish
you the very best in your future endeavors.*

*As a token of our appreciation for completing this survey, we\'d like
to offer you:*

-   A complimentary day pass for a future visit

-   10% discount if you choose to return within the next 6 months

-   Access to our digital community and selected virtual events for the
    next 3 months

*The Skelsa Team*

**Technical Implementation Notes:**

1.  Implement a progress bar at the top of the form

2.  Enable question branching based on responses

3.  Include rating scales as visual sliders or star ratings

4.  Provide text analysis for open-ended responses to identify common
    themes

5.  Send automatic thank-you email with promised benefits upon
    completion

6.  Trigger community manager notification for members interested in
    exit interviews

7.  Include optional photo upload for visual feedback

8.  Implement sentiment analysis on feedback to flag priority follow-up
    items

9.  Enable voice recording option for members who prefer to speak rather
    than type

10. Include accessibility features for all users
