---
title: Broker Terms
description: Detailed content for Broker Terms.
---

**BROKER TERMS AGREEMENT**

**BROKER ENGAGEMENT AGREEMENT**

This BROKER ENGAGEMENT AGREEMENT (the \"Agreement\") is made and entered
into as of \[DATE\] (the \"Effective Date\"), by and between:

Skelsa Private Limited, a company incorporated under the Companies Act,
2013, having its registered office at \[ADDRESS\], Bengaluru, Karnataka
- \[PINCODE\], India (hereinafter referred to as the \"Company\");

AND

\[BROKER NAME\], a \[ENTITY TYPE\] organized and existing under the laws
of \[JURISDICTION\], having its principal place of business at
\[ADDRESS\] (hereinafter referred to as the \"Broker\").

The Company and the Broker are hereinafter individually referred to as a
\"Party\" and collectively as the \"Parties\".

**RECITALS**

WHEREAS, the Company operates premium biophilic coworking spaces under
the brand name \"Skelsa\";

WHEREAS, the Company wishes to engage the Broker to provide certain real
estate brokerage services in connection with the Company\'s expansion
plans;

WHEREAS, the Broker has expertise in commercial real estate brokerage
services and represents that it has the necessary qualifications,
experience, and abilities to provide such services to the Company; and

WHEREAS, the Parties wish to enter into this Agreement to establish the
terms and conditions of such engagement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements
contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties
agree as follows:

**1. ENGAGEMENT AND SERVICES**

1.1. **Engagement.** The Company hereby engages the Broker, and the
Broker hereby accepts such engagement, to provide the services described
in Section 1.2 (the \"Services\") on the terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement.

1.2. **Scope of Services.** The Broker shall provide the following
Services to the Company:

(a) **Property Identification and Evaluation:** (i) Identify potential
properties suitable for the Company\'s biophilic coworking space
requirements; (ii) Conduct preliminary assessments of identified
properties based on the Company\'s criteria; (iii) Prepare and present
property reports including location analysis, market conditions, pricing
information, and property specifications; (iv) Arrange and coordinate
site visits to properties of interest; (v) Assist in evaluating the
suitability of properties for the Company\'s biophilic design
requirements.

(b) **Negotiation and Transaction Support:** (i) Represent the Company
in negotiations with property owners, landlords, or their
representatives; (ii) Assist in preparing and reviewing letters of
intent, offers, and counteroffers; (iii) Provide market intelligence to
support the Company\'s negotiation strategy; (iv) Coordinate with legal
counsel, architects, and other professionals engaged by the Company; (v)
Assist in due diligence processes related to property transactions; (vi)
Support the closing process for lease or purchase transactions.

(c) **Market Research and Advisory Services:** (i) Provide market
research and analysis relevant to the coworking sector; (ii) Advise on
market trends, rental rates, and terms for comparable properties; (iii)
Provide insights on potential growth areas aligned with the Company\'s
target demographics; (iv) Identify potential competitors and their
locations; (v) Advise on timing of market entry in specific locations.

(d) **Relationship Management:** (i) Develop and maintain relationships
with property owners, developers, and other relevant parties; (ii)
Represent the Company\'s interests in the real estate community; (iii)
Provide introductions to key stakeholders in target markets; (iv)
Maintain regular communication with the Company regarding market
opportunities.

1.3. **Property Criteria.** The Company\'s criteria for suitable
properties include, but are not limited to:

(a) **Location Requirements:** (i) Prime commercial areas in \[SPECIFY
TARGET CITIES/LOCATIONS\]; (ii) Good visibility and accessibility; (iii)
Proximity to public transportation, parking facilities, and amenities;
(iv) Areas with substantial business activity and target demographic
presence.

(b) **Building Specifications:** (i) Minimum space of 10,000 sq. ft. per
floor; (ii) Preference for multi-floor opportunities (typically 3-5
floors); (iii) Structural capacity to support biophilic elements
(planters, living walls, water features); (iv) Adequate ceiling height
(minimum 10 feet); (v) Natural light access through windows or
skylights; (vi) Modern or upgradable MEP (Mechanical, Electrical,
Plumbing) systems; (vii) High-quality or upgradable HVAC systems capable
of supporting plant life; (viii) Opportunity for exclusive entrance or
prominent visibility.

(c) **Commercial Terms:** (i) Lease term preference of 9-15 years; (ii)
Rent range of INR \[AMOUNT\] to INR \[AMOUNT\] per sq. ft.; (iii)
Reasonable security deposit requirements; (iv) Flexibility for tenant
improvements, particularly for biophilic installations; (v) Clear
maintenance responsibilities; (vi) Options for renewal and expansion;
(vii) Purchase opportunities may be considered for strategic locations.

1.4. **Exclusivity.**

(a) **Exclusive Territory.** The Company hereby grants the Broker the
exclusive right to represent the Company in identifying and securing
properties in the following territories (the \"Exclusive Territory\"):
\[DEFINE EXCLUSIVE TERRITORY e.g., specific cities, districts, or
regions\].

(b) **Exclusive Property Types.** This exclusivity applies to the
following property types: \[DEFINE PROPERTY TYPES e.g., commercial
office buildings, mixed-use developments, etc.\].

(c) **Exclusivity Period.** The exclusivity granted under this Section
1.4 shall be valid for a period of \[NUMBER\] months from the Effective
Date (the \"Initial Exclusivity Period\"). The Initial Exclusivity
Period may be extended by mutual written agreement of the Parties.

(d) **Protected Properties.** If, during the Exclusivity Period, the
Broker introduces the Company to a property or property owner, and the
Company enters into a lease or purchase agreement for such property
within \[NUMBER\] months after the expiration of the Exclusivity Period,
the Broker shall be entitled to the full Commission as if the
transaction had occurred during the Exclusivity Period.

(e) **Non-Exclusive Territories.** For territories not included in the
Exclusive Territory, the Company may engage other brokers or directly
pursue property opportunities without any obligation to the Broker.

**2. COMPENSATION**

2.1. **Commission Structure.** As compensation for the Services, the
Company shall pay the Broker a commission (the \"Commission\") as
follows:

(a) **Lease Transactions:** (i) For lease terms of 3 years or less:
\[PERCENTAGE\]% of the total base rent for the initial lease term; (ii)
For lease terms of more than 3 years but less than 6 years:
\[PERCENTAGE\]% of the total base rent for the initial lease term; (iii)
For lease terms of 6 years or more: \[PERCENTAGE\]% of the total base
rent for the initial lease term.

(b) **Purchase Transactions:** (i) \[PERCENTAGE\]% of the purchase price
for properties up to INR \[AMOUNT\]; (ii) \[PERCENTAGE\]% of the
purchase price for properties above INR \[AMOUNT\] but below INR
\[AMOUNT\]; (iii) \[PERCENTAGE\]% of the purchase price for properties
above INR \[AMOUNT\].

(c) **Renewal or Extension of Lease:** (i) If the Company exercises an
option to renew or extend a lease that was originally procured by the
Broker, the Broker shall be entitled to a Commission of \[PERCENTAGE\]%
of the total base rent for the renewal or extension term.

(d) **Expansion of Leased Premises:** (i) If the Company leases
additional space in a building where the Broker procured the original
lease, the Broker shall be entitled to a Commission calculated in
accordance with Section 2.1(a) based on the additional space only.

2.2. **Commission Payment Schedule.**

(a) **Lease Transactions:** (i) \[PERCENTAGE\]% of the total Commission
due upon execution of the lease agreement; (ii) \[PERCENTAGE\]% of the
total Commission due upon commencement of the lease term; (iii) The
remaining \[PERCENTAGE\]% of the total Commission due in equal
installments on the anniversary of the lease commencement date over the
first \[NUMBER\] years of the lease term.

(b) **Purchase Transactions:** (i) \[PERCENTAGE\]% of the total
Commission due upon execution of the purchase agreement; (ii) The
remaining \[PERCENTAGE\]% of the total Commission due upon closing of
the purchase transaction.

2.3. **Expenses.** The Broker shall be responsible for all ordinary
expenses incurred in connection with the provision of the Services.
Extraordinary expenses (such as extensive travel, specialized market
research, or third-party reports) must be pre-approved in writing by the
Company and shall be reimbursed by the Company upon submission of proper
documentation.

2.4. **No Commission in Certain Circumstances.** Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, no Commission shall be
payable to the Broker in the following circumstances:

\(a\) If the transaction is not completed for any reason;

\(b\) For properties identified by the Company without the Broker\'s
involvement or assistance, unless such properties are within the
Exclusive Territory during the Exclusivity Period;

\(c\) For properties for which the Company was already in discussions or
negotiations prior to the Effective Date, as listed in Exhibit A
attached hereto;

\(d\) If the Broker has materially breached this Agreement and such
breach has not been cured within the time period specified in Section
7.2.

2.5. **Commission Sharing.** If another broker or agent is involved in a
transaction (representing the landlord or seller), the Broker shall be
solely responsible for any commission sharing arrangements with such
other broker or agent, and the Company shall have no additional
liability beyond the Commission specified in Section 2.1.

**3. TERM AND TERMINATION**

3.1. **Term.** This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and
shall continue for a period of \[NUMBER\] months (the \"Initial Term\"),
unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement. Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically renew for
successive periods of \[NUMBER\] months each (each, a \"Renewal Term\"),
unless either Party provides written notice of non-renewal to the other
Party at least \[NUMBER\] days prior to the end of the then-current
term.

3.2. **Termination for Convenience.** After the Initial Term, either
Party may terminate this Agreement for convenience by providing at least
\[NUMBER\] days\' prior written notice to the other Party.

3.3. **Termination for Cause.** Either Party may terminate this
Agreement for cause upon written notice to the other Party if:

\(a\) The other Party commits a material breach of this Agreement and
fails to cure such breach within \[NUMBER\] days after receiving written
notice thereof;

\(b\) The other Party becomes insolvent, files for bankruptcy, or makes
an assignment for the benefit of creditors;

\(c\) The other Party ceases to carry on business; or

\(d\) The other Party engages in fraudulent, illegal, or unethical
conduct that could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the
terminating Party.

3.4. **Termination of Exclusivity.** Notwithstanding the term of this
Agreement, the Company may terminate the exclusivity granted under
Section 1.4 if:

\(a\) The Broker fails to identify and present at least \[NUMBER\]
qualified property opportunities to the Company within \[NUMBER\] months
from the Effective Date;

\(b\) The Broker fails to successfully complete at least \[NUMBER\]
lease or purchase transactions for the Company within \[NUMBER\] months
from the Effective Date; or

\(c\) The Broker fails to maintain the professional standards or level
of service reasonably expected by the Company.

3.5. **Effect of Termination.** Upon termination of this Agreement:

\(a\) The Broker shall immediately cease representing itself as a broker
for the Company;

\(b\) The Broker shall provide the Company with all property
information, market research, and other materials developed or obtained
in connection with the Services;

\(c\) All rights and obligations of the Parties shall cease, except for:
(i) Rights and obligations accrued prior to the date of termination;
(ii) Commission rights for Protected Properties as specified in Section
1.4(d); (iii) Payment obligations that expressly survive termination;
(iv) Confidentiality obligations under Section 5; and (v) Other
provisions that by their nature are intended to survive termination.

**4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES**

4.1. **Broker\'s Representations and Warranties.** The Broker represents
and warrants to the Company that:

\(a\) It is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under
the laws of its jurisdiction of organization;

\(b\) It has full power and authority to enter into and perform its
obligations under this Agreement;

\(c\) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid, and binding obligation
of the Broker, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms;

\(d\) The execution and performance of this Agreement by the Broker does
not violate any law, regulation, or agreement to which the Broker is a
party or by which it is bound;

\(e\) It holds all licenses, permits, and registrations required to
perform the Services in the jurisdictions covered by this Agreement;

\(f\) It has the necessary expertise, experience, personnel, and
resources to perform the Services in a professional and competent
manner;

\(g\) It shall perform the Services in compliance with all applicable
laws, regulations, and professional standards;

\(h\) It shall disclose to the Company any conflicts of interest that
may arise during the term of this Agreement; and

\(i\) It shall not make any representations or commitments on behalf of
the Company without the Company\'s prior written authorization.

4.2. **Company\'s Representations and Warranties.** The Company
represents and warrants to the Broker that:

\(a\) It is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under
the laws of India;

\(b\) It has full power and authority to enter into and perform its
obligations under this Agreement;

\(c\) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid, and binding obligation
of the Company, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms;

\(d\) The execution and performance of this Agreement by the Company
does not violate any law, regulation, or agreement to which the Company
is a party or by which it is bound;

\(e\) It shall provide the Broker with accurate and complete information
necessary for the performance of the Services;

\(f\) It shall respond promptly to the Broker\'s inquiries and requests
for information or decisions;

\(g\) It shall review property information and proposals provided by the
Broker in a timely manner; and

\(h\) It shall not unreasonably withhold or delay any approvals or
decisions required for the Broker to perform the Services effectively.

**5. CONFIDENTIALITY**

5.1. **Confidential Information.** \"Confidential Information\" means
all non-public information disclosed by one Party (the \"Disclosing
Party\") to the other Party (the \"Receiving Party\") in connection with
this Agreement, whether orally, in writing, or by other means, that is
designated as confidential or that reasonably should be understood to be
confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances
of disclosure. Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to:

\(a\) Business plans, strategies, forecasts, and financial information;

\(b\) Customer and supplier lists and information;

\(c\) Property criteria, requirements, and preferences;

\(d\) Negotiation strategies and parameters;

\(e\) Pricing information and budgets;

\(f\) Proprietary business processes and methods;

\(g\) Marketing plans and analyses;

\(h\) The terms and conditions of this Agreement; and

\(i\) Any other information that would reasonably be considered
proprietary, confidential, or commercially valuable.

5.2. **Exclusions.** Confidential Information does not include
information that:

\(a\) Is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a
result of disclosure by the Receiving Party or its representatives;

\(b\) Was known by the Receiving Party prior to its disclosure by the
Disclosing Party;

\(c\) Becomes available to the Receiving Party on a non-confidential
basis from a source other than the Disclosing Party, provided that such
source is not bound by a confidentiality agreement with the Disclosing
Party; or

\(d\) Is independently developed by the Receiving Party without
reference to or use of the Disclosing Party\'s Confidential Information.

5.3. **Confidentiality Obligations.** The Receiving Party shall:

\(a\) Maintain the confidentiality of the Disclosing Party\'s
Confidential Information with at least the same degree of care that it
uses to protect its own confidential information, but in no case less
than reasonable care;

\(b\) Not disclose the Confidential Information to any third party,
except to its directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors, or
representatives who need to know such information for the purposes of
this Agreement and who are bound by confidentiality obligations at least
as restrictive as those in this Agreement;

\(c\) Use the Confidential Information only for the purposes of
performing its obligations or exercising its rights under this
Agreement;

\(d\) Take all reasonable measures to prevent unauthorized access to or
use of the Confidential Information; and

\(e\) Promptly notify the Disclosing Party of any unauthorized
disclosure or use of the Confidential Information of which it becomes
aware.

5.4. **Required Disclosure.** The Receiving Party may disclose
Confidential Information to the extent required by law, regulation, or
court order, provided that the Receiving Party:

\(a\) Gives the Disclosing Party prompt written notice of such
requirement prior to disclosure, if legally permitted;

\(b\) Cooperates with the Disclosing Party\'s efforts to limit or
contest such disclosure or obtain a protective order; and

\(c\) Discloses only that portion of the Confidential Information that
it is legally required to disclose.

5.5. **Return or Destruction of Confidential Information.** Upon the
termination of this Agreement or at the Disclosing Party\'s request, the
Receiving Party shall promptly return to the Disclosing Party or destroy
all Confidential Information in its possession or control, including all
copies, extracts, or derivatives thereof, and shall certify such return
or destruction in writing if requested by the Disclosing Party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Receiving Party may retain
Confidential Information to the extent required by law or regulation or
for archival purposes, provided that such retained Confidential
Information shall remain subject to the confidentiality obligations of
this Agreement.

5.6. **Survival.** The obligations under this Section 5 shall survive
the termination of this Agreement for a period of \[NUMBER\] years.

**6. INDEMNIFICATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**

6.1. **Broker\'s Indemnification.** The Broker shall indemnify, defend,
and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers, employees,
agents, and affiliates from and against any and all claims, damages,
losses, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable
attorneys\' fees) arising out of or relating to:

\(a\) The Broker\'s breach of this Agreement;

\(b\) The Broker\'s violation of any law, regulation, or third-party
rights;

\(c\) Any misrepresentation or inaccurate information provided by the
Broker;

\(d\) Any negligent act, omission, or willful misconduct of the Broker
or its representatives in connection with the performance of the
Services; or

\(e\) Any claim by another broker or agent for fees or commissions
related to a transaction covered by this Agreement, unless such claim
arises from the Company\'s breach of this Agreement.

6.2. **Company\'s Indemnification.** The Company shall indemnify,
defend, and hold harmless the Broker, its directors, officers,
employees, agents, and affiliates from and against any and all claims,
damages, losses, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable
attorneys\' fees) arising out of or relating to:

\(a\) The Company\'s breach of this Agreement;

\(b\) The Company\'s violation of any law, regulation, or third-party
rights;

\(c\) Any misrepresentation or inaccurate information provided by the
Company; or

\(d\) Any negligent act, omission, or willful misconduct of the Company
or its representatives in connection with this Agreement.

6.3. **Limitation of Liability.** EXCEPT FOR OBLIGATIONS ARISING UNDER
SECTION 6.1, SECTION 6.2, AND SECTION 5 (CONFIDENTIALITY), NEITHER PARTY
SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA, OR USE, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

6.4. **Liability Cap.** EXCEPT FOR OBLIGATIONS ARISING UNDER SECTION
6.1, SECTION 6.2, AND SECTION 5 (CONFIDENTIALITY), EACH PARTY\'S MAXIMUM
AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS
AGREEMENT, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF
STATUTORY DUTY, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF
COMMISSION PAID OR PAYABLE TO THE BROKER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

**7. GENERAL PROVISIONS**

7.1. **Independent Contractor.** The Broker is an independent contractor
and not an employee, agent, joint venturer, or partner of the Company.
Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed as creating
or establishing an employment relationship between the Company and the
Broker or any of the Broker\'s employees or agents.

7.2. **Notice.** All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands,
waivers, and other communications under this Agreement shall be in
writing and shall be deemed to have been given:

\(a\) When delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt);

\(b\) When received by the addressee if sent by a nationally recognized
overnight courier (receipt requested);

\(c\) On the date sent by email (with confirmation of transmission) if
sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next
business day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient; or

\(d\) On the third day after the date mailed, by registered or certified
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid.

Such communications must be sent to the respective Parties at the
addresses set forth in the preamble to this Agreement (or to such other
address as may be designated by a Party from time to time in accordance
with this Section 7.2).

7.3. **Entire Agreement.** This Agreement, together with all exhibits
and schedules attached hereto, constitutes the entire agreement between
the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all
prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, negotiations, and
discussions, whether oral or written, between the Parties.

7.4. **Amendment and Modification.** This Agreement may only be amended,
modified, or supplemented by a written agreement signed by both Parties.

7.5. **Waiver.** No waiver by either Party of any of the provisions of
this Agreement shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing
and signed by the waiving Party. No failure to exercise, or delay in
exercising, any right, remedy, power, or privilege arising from this
Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof, nor shall
any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power, or privilege
hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege.

7.6. **Severability.** If any term or provision of this Agreement is
invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity,
illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or
provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such
term or provision in any other jurisdiction.

7.7. **Assignment.** Neither Party may assign, transfer, or delegate any
of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior
written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, however, that either Party
may assign this Agreement to an affiliate or to a successor in interest
in connection with a merger, acquisition, corporate reorganization, or
sale of all or substantially all of its assets related to this Agreement
without the other Party\'s consent. Any attempted assignment, transfer,
or delegation in violation of this Section shall be null and void.

7.8. **Successors and Assigns.** This Agreement shall be binding upon
and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective
permitted successors and assigns.

7.9. **No Third-Party Beneficiaries.** This Agreement is for the sole
benefit of the Parties and their respective permitted successors and
assigns, and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall
confer upon any other person or entity any legal or equitable right,
benefit, or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this
Agreement.

7.10. **Governing Law.** This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of India, without giving effect to
any choice or conflict of law provision or rule.

7.11. **Dispute Resolution.** Any dispute, controversy, or claim arising
out of or relating to this Agreement, or the breach, termination, or
invalidity thereof, shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with
the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996, as amended. The arbitration
shall be conducted by a sole arbitrator appointed by mutual agreement of
the Parties. If the Parties cannot agree on the appointment of the
arbitrator within thirty (30) days, the arbitrator shall be appointed by
the High Court of Karnataka. The seat of arbitration shall be Bengaluru,
Karnataka, India. The language of arbitration shall be English. The
arbitration award shall be final and binding on the Parties.

7.12. **Counterparts.** This Agreement may be executed in counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together
shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this
Agreement delivered by email or other electronic means shall be deemed
to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of
this Agreement.

7.13. **Survival.** The provisions of this Agreement which by their
nature should survive termination of this Agreement shall survive
termination, including, without limitation, Section 2 (to the extent of
accrued payment obligations), Section 5 (Confidentiality), Section 6
(Indemnification and Limitation of Liability), and this Section 7.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the
Effective Date.

**SKELSA PRIVATE LIMITED**

By: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Name:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Title:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

**\[BROKER NAME\]**

By: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Name:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Title:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

**EXHIBIT A**

**PRE-EXISTING PROPERTY DISCUSSIONS**

The following properties were already under discussion or negotiation by
the Company prior to the Effective Date and are excluded from the
Broker\'s entitlement to Commission:

1.  \[PROPERTY ADDRESS 1\]

2.  \[PROPERTY ADDRESS 2\]

3.  \[PROPERTY ADDRESS 3\]

4.  \[ADD MORE AS NEEDED\]
