---
title: EOI Template
description: Detailed content for Eoi Template.
---

**EXPRESSION OF INTEREST TEMPLATE**

**\[SENDER\'S LETTERHEAD\]**

\[DATE\]

\[RECIPIENT NAME\] \[RECIPIENT TITLE\] \[RECIPIENT COMPANY\] \[ADDRESS\]
\[CITY, STATE/REGION, ZIP/POSTAL CODE\] \[COUNTRY\]

**RE: Expression of Interest - \[SPECIFIC OPPORTUNITY\]**

Dear \[RECIPIENT NAME\],

On behalf of Skelsa Private Limited (\"Skelsa\"), I am pleased to submit
this Expression of Interest (\"EOI\") regarding the \[OPPORTUNITY TYPE\]
at \[LOCATION/PREMISES/BUSINESS/PROJECT\]. This EOI outlines our
interest in \[SPECIFIC ACTION: e.g., leasing space, acquiring property,
establishing a partnership, etc.\] and provides information about our
company and our proposed approach.

**1. ABOUT SKELSA**

Skelsa Private Limited is India\'s truly biophilic coworking space
operator, integrating natural elements into our workspace design to
create productive, sustainable, and wellness-focused environments for
businesses and professionals. Founded in \[YEAR\], Skelsa currently
operates \[NUMBER\] locations across \[LOCATIONS\] with a total area of
\[AREA\] square feet and serving over \[NUMBER\] members.

Our unique value proposition includes:

-   Premium biophilic design with forest-like environments on each floor

-   Sustainable and environmentally conscious operations

-   Diverse workspace options from private offices to flexible desks

-   Comprehensive service offerings including virtual office solutions

-   Strong community focus and professional networking opportunities

-   State-of-the-art technology infrastructure

-   Wellness-oriented amenities and programs

**2. OUR INTEREST IN THE OPPORTUNITY**

Skelsa is interested in \[SPECIFIC OPPORTUNITY\] as part of our
strategic growth plan to \[STRATEGIC OBJECTIVE: e.g., expand our
presence in Bengaluru, enter new markets, establish flagship locations,
etc.\]. We believe this opportunity aligns with our business model and
target market for the following reasons:

-   \[REASON 1: e.g., Ideal location with high foot traffic and
    accessibility\]

-   \[REASON 2: e.g., Property layout suitable for biophilic design
    implementation\]

-   \[REASON 3: e.g., Growing demand for premium coworking spaces in
    this area\]

-   \[REASON 4: e.g., Complementary to our existing locations\]

-   \[REASON 5: e.g., Potential for strategic partnership with property
    owner/local business\]

**3. PRELIMINARY PROPOSAL**

Based on our understanding of the opportunity, we propose the following:

For a property opportunity:

-   **Space Requirement:** Approximately \[AREA\] square feet across
    \[NUMBER\] floors

-   **Term:** Initial lease term of \[NUMBER\] years with \[NUMBER\]
    renewal options

-   **Commencement:** Target commencement date of \[DATE/TIMEFRAME\]

-   **Rent Consideration:** \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\] per square foot per
    \[MONTH/YEAR\]

-   **Tenant Improvements:** Investment of approximately \[CURRENCY\]
    \[AMOUNT\] for biophilic design implementation

-   **Special Requirements:** Structural capacity for planter systems,
    appropriate HVAC for plant health, natural light access

For a partnership opportunity:

-   **Partnership Structure:** \[JOINT VENTURE/MANAGEMENT
    CONTRACT/FRANCHISE/LICENSING\]

-   **Roles and Responsibilities:** Skelsa to provide \[EXPERTISE,
    BRAND, OPERATIONS\], Partner to provide \[PROPERTY, INVESTMENT,
    LOCAL KNOWLEDGE\]

-   **Revenue Model:** \[PROPOSED REVENUE SHARING OR FINANCIAL
    ARRANGEMENT\]

-   **Timeline:** Establish partnership by \[DATE\], launch operations
    by \[DATE\]

-   **Investment:** Estimated combined investment of \[CURRENCY\]
    \[AMOUNT\]

For an acquisition opportunity:

-   **Transaction Structure:** \[ASSET PURCHASE/SHARE PURCHASE/MERGER\]

-   **Valuation Range:** \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\] to \[CURRENCY\]
    \[AMOUNT\]

-   **Payment Terms:** \[CASH/SHARES/VENDOR FINANCING/COMBINATION\]

-   **Post-Acquisition Plans:** \[REBRANDING/EXPANSION/INTEGRATION\]

-   **Timeline:** Complete transaction by \[DATE\]

**4. QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE**

Skelsa brings the following qualifications to this opportunity:

-   **Track Record:** Successfully operating \[NUMBER\] profitable
    locations with high occupancy rates

-   **Financial Strength:** Annual revenue of \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\]
    with \[PERCENTAGE\]% year-over-year growth

-   **Operational Expertise:** Specialized knowledge in biophilic
    workspace design and maintenance

-   **Market Knowledge:** Deep understanding of the \[LOCATION\] market
    and its specific demands

-   **Brand Recognition:** Established reputation as India\'s premier
    biophilic coworking provider

-   **Sustainability Focus:** Award-winning sustainable operations and
    environmental practices

-   **Community Building:** Proven ability to create vibrant
    professional communities

-   **Technology Integration:** Proprietary management systems and
    member-facing applications

**5. CONCEPTUAL APPROACH**

For a new location, our conceptual approach would include:

**Design Phase:**

-   Biophilic design integration with forest-like environments on each
    floor

-   Diverse workspace configurations (private offices, dedicated desks,
    flexible working areas)

-   Multiple meeting and event spaces

-   Wellness areas and quiet zones

-   Community spaces for networking and collaboration

-   Technology-enabled facilities

**Implementation Timeline:**

-   Design and planning: \[NUMBER\] months

-   Construction and fit-out: \[NUMBER\] months

-   Biophilic elements installation: \[NUMBER\] months

-   Pre-opening marketing: \[NUMBER\] months

-   Staff recruitment and training: \[NUMBER\] months

-   Total time to opening: \[NUMBER\] months

**Operational Plan:**

-   Staffing structure of \[NUMBER\] full-time employees

-   Comprehensive maintenance program for biophilic elements

-   Community management and events calendar

-   Marketing and member acquisition strategy

-   Technology systems for space management and member services

**6. FINANCIAL CAPABILITY**

Skelsa has the financial capability to undertake this opportunity, as
evidenced by:

-   Current annual revenue of \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\]

-   Positive EBITDA of \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\]

-   Cash reserves of \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\]

-   Access to debt financing of up to \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\]

-   Backing from \[INVESTORS/FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS\]

-   Successful track record of \[NUMBER\] previous expansions/projects

**7. NEXT STEPS**

We propose the following next steps to explore this opportunity further:

1.  Initial meeting/discussion to clarify requirements and expectations

2.  Site visit/detailed information review

3.  Non-disclosure agreement execution, if not already in place

4.  Detailed proposal submission

5.  Negotiation of terms

6.  Due diligence process

7.  Definitive agreement execution

**8. POINT OF CONTACT**

For all communications regarding this EOI, please contact:

**\[CONTACT NAME\]** \[CONTACT TITLE\] Email: \[EMAIL ADDRESS\] Phone:
\[PHONE NUMBER\] Mobile: \[MOBILE NUMBER\]

**9. VALIDITY**

This Expression of Interest is valid for \[NUMBER\] days from the date
of this letter.

**10. CONFIDENTIALITY**

This EOI contains confidential and proprietary information of Skelsa
Private Limited. We request that the contents of this EOI be kept
confidential and not disclosed to any third party without our prior
written consent.

**11. NON-BINDING NATURE**

This EOI is intended solely as an expression of interest and does not
constitute a binding offer or agreement. Any binding commitment will
only arise upon the execution of a definitive agreement between the
parties.

We appreciate your consideration of our interest in this opportunity and
look forward to your response. Should you require any additional
information, please do not hesitate to contact us.

Sincerely,

**\[SENDER NAME\]** \[SENDER TITLE\] Skelsa Private Limited
