---
title: Esop Award
description: Detailed content for Esop Award.
---

**ESOP AWARD AGREEMENT**

**SKELSA PRIVATE LIMITED**

**EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLAN \[YEAR\]**

**STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT**

THIS STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT (the \"Agreement\") is made and
entered into as of \[DATE\] (the \"Grant Date\"), by and between Skelsa
Private Limited, a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013
(the \"Company\"), and \[EMPLOYEE NAME\], an individual residing at
\[EMPLOYEE ADDRESS\] (the \"Optionee\").

**WHEREAS**, the Company has adopted the Skelsa Private Limited Employee
Stock Option Plan \[YEAR\] (the \"Plan\") to promote the interests of
the Company by providing eligible persons with an opportunity to acquire
or increase a proprietary interest in the Company as an incentive to
remain in the service of the Company; and

**WHEREAS**, the Administrator of the Plan has determined that it is in
the best interests of the Company to grant the Optionee a stock option
under the Plan as provided herein;

**NOW, THEREFORE**, in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter
set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as
follows:

**1. GRANT OF OPTION**

1.1. **Option.** The Company hereby grants to the Optionee an option
(the \"Option\") to purchase \[NUMBER\] equity shares of the Company
(the \"Option Shares\") pursuant to the Plan. The Option is not intended
to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

1.2. **Exercise Price.** The exercise price for each Option Share shall
be INR \[AMOUNT\] per share (the \"Exercise Price\").

1.3. **Consideration to the Company.** In consideration of the grant of
the Option by the Company, the Optionee agrees to render faithful and
efficient services to the Company or a Group Company. Nothing in the
Plan or this Agreement shall confer upon the Optionee any right to
continue in the service of the Company or any Group Company or shall
interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company and its
Group Companies to terminate the Optionee\'s employment or service at
any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without cause.

**2. VESTING AND EXERCISABILITY**

2.1. **Vesting Schedule.** Subject to the limitations contained herein,
the Option shall vest and become exercisable in the following manner:

  **Vesting Date**   **Percentage of Option Shares Vested**   **Cumulative Percentage Vested**
  ------------------ ---------------------------------------- ----------------------------------
  \[DATE\]           \[PERCENTAGE\]%                          \[PERCENTAGE\]%
  \[DATE\]           \[PERCENTAGE\]%                          \[PERCENTAGE\]%
  \[DATE\]           \[PERCENTAGE\]%                          \[PERCENTAGE\]%
  \[DATE\]           \[PERCENTAGE\]%                          \[PERCENTAGE\]%

Provided that the Optionee continues to be employed by or provide
services to the Company or any Group Company on each such vesting date.

2.2. **Accelerated Vesting.** Notwithstanding the foregoing vesting
schedule, the Option shall become fully vested and exercisable upon the
occurrence of the following events:

\(a\) A Change in Control of the Company as defined in Section 6.1,
subject to the Optionee\'s continued employment with the Company or a
Group Company through the date of such Change in Control; or

\(b\) \[OTHER ACCELERATED VESTING CONDITIONS, IF ANY\]

2.3. **Exercise Procedure.** The Option may be exercised by delivery to
the Company of a written notice of exercise in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit A, or in such other form as may be approved by the
Administrator from time to time (the \"Exercise Notice\"), which shall
state the election to exercise the Option, the number of Option Shares
in respect of which the Option is being exercised (the \"Exercised
Shares\"), and such other representations and agreements as may be
required by the Company. The Exercise Notice shall be accompanied by
payment of the aggregate Exercise Price for the Exercised Shares and any
applicable tax withholding amounts.

**3. TERM OF OPTION**

3.1. **Term.** The Option shall have a term of \[NUMBER\] years from the
Grant Date and shall expire at 5:00 p.m. Indian Standard Time (IST) on
\[EXPIRATION DATE\] (the \"Expiration Date\").

3.2. **Termination of Option.** Notwithstanding the term of the Option
set forth in Section 3.1, the Option shall earlier terminate as follows:

(a) **Termination of Employment Due to Death or Disability.** If the
Optionee\'s employment or service with the Company and all Group
Companies terminates by reason of the Optionee\'s death or Disability,
the Option, to the extent vested on the date of such termination, may be
exercised by the Optionee or the Optionee\'s legal representative within
\[NUMBER\] months after the date of such termination, but in no event
later than the Expiration Date. The Option, to the extent not vested on
the date of such termination, shall terminate on the date of such
termination.

(b) **Termination of Employment for Cause.** If the Optionee\'s
employment or service with the Company and all Group Companies is
terminated for Cause, the Option, whether vested or unvested, shall
immediately terminate and cease to be exercisable.

(c) **Termination of Employment for Any Other Reason.** If the
Optionee\'s employment or service with the Company and all Group
Companies terminates for any reason other than death, Disability, or
Cause, the Option, to the extent vested on the date of such termination,
may be exercised by the Optionee within \[NUMBER\] months after the date
of such termination, but in no event later than the Expiration Date. The
Option, to the extent not vested on the date of such termination, shall
terminate on the date of such termination.

**4. METHOD OF PAYMENT**

4.1. **Payment of Exercise Price.** Payment of the aggregate Exercise
Price for the Exercised Shares shall be made in one or more of the
following forms:

\(a\) Cash or check made payable to the Company;

\(b\) Electronic funds transfer to the Company;

\(c\) With the consent of the Administrator, surrender of other shares
of the Company\'s equity which have a Fair Market Value on the date of
surrender equal to the aggregate Exercise Price of the Exercised Shares;

\(d\) With the consent of the Administrator, by a \"net exercise\"
arrangement whereby the Company withholds from the delivery of the
Option Shares a number of shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the
aggregate Exercise Price for the Exercised Shares;

\(e\) With the consent of the Administrator, by any combination of the
foregoing methods of payment.

**5. RESTRICTIONS ON EXERCISE AND TRANSFER**

5.1. **Compliance with Law.** The Option may not be exercised if the
issuance of Option Shares upon such exercise would constitute a
violation of any applicable law or regulation or any requirement of any
stock exchange upon which the Company\'s securities may then be listed.
The Optionee represents and warrants that the Option Shares to be
acquired by the Optionee upon exercise of the Option will be acquired
for investment for the Optionee\'s own account, not as a nominee or
agent, and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any
distribution thereof.

5.2. **Non-Transferability of Option.** The Option may not be sold,
pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any
manner other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution,
and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the Optionee, only by the
Optionee.

5.3. **Transfer Restrictions on Option Shares.**

(a) **Lock-up Period.** The Optionee agrees that, if so requested by the
Company or any representative of the underwriters (the \"Managing
Underwriter\") in connection with any public offering of securities of
the Company, the Optionee shall not sell or otherwise transfer any
Option Shares or other securities of the Company during such period as
may be requested in writing by the Managing Underwriter and agreed to in
writing by the Company (the \"Market Standoff Period\").

(b) **Right of First Refusal.** Before any Option Shares may be sold or
otherwise transferred (including transfer by gift or operation of law),
the Company or its assignee(s) shall have a right of first refusal to
purchase the Option Shares on the terms and conditions set forth in this
Section 5.3(b) (the \"Right of First Refusal\").

(i) **Notice of Proposed Transfer.** The Optionee shall deliver to the
Company a written notice (the \"Notice\") stating: (A) the Optionee\'s
bona fide intention to sell or otherwise transfer such Option Shares;
(B) the name of each proposed purchaser or other transferee (\"Proposed
Transferee\"); (C) the number of Option Shares to be transferred to each
Proposed Transferee; and (D) the bona fide cash price or other
consideration for which the Optionee proposes to transfer the Option
Shares (the \"Offered Price\"), and the Optionee shall offer the Option
Shares at the Offered Price to the Company or its assignee(s).

(ii) **Exercise of Right of First Refusal.** Within thirty (30) days
after receipt of the Notice, the Company and/or its assignee(s) may
elect to purchase all, but not less than all, of the Option Shares
proposed to be transferred to any one or more of the Proposed
Transferees, at the purchase price determined in accordance with
subsection (iii) below.

(iii) **Purchase Price.** The purchase price (\"Purchase Price\") for
the Option Shares purchased by the Company or its assignee(s) under this
Section 5.3(b) shall be the Offered Price. If the Offered Price includes
consideration other than cash, the cash equivalent value of the non-cash
consideration shall be determined by the Board of Directors of the
Company in good faith.

(iv) **Payment.** Payment of the Purchase Price shall be made, at the
option of the Company or its assignee(s), in cash (by check), by
cancellation of all or a portion of any outstanding indebtedness of the
Optionee to the Company (or, in the case of repurchase by an assignee,
to the assignee), or by any combination thereof within thirty (30) days
after receipt of the Notice or in the manner and at the times set forth
in the Notice.

(v) **Optionee\'s Right to Transfer.** If all of the Option Shares
proposed in the Notice to be transferred to a given Proposed Transferee
are not purchased by the Company and/or its assignee(s) as provided in
this Section 5.3(b), then the Optionee may sell or otherwise transfer
such Option Shares to that Proposed Transferee at the Offered Price or
at a higher price, provided that such sale or other transfer is
consummated within 120 days after the date of the Notice, that any such
sale or other transfer is effected in accordance with any applicable
securities laws and that the Proposed Transferee agrees in writing that
the provisions of this Section 5.3 shall continue to apply to the Option
Shares in the hands of such Proposed Transferee. If the Option Shares
described in the Notice are not transferred to the Proposed Transferee
within such period, a new Notice shall be given to the Company, and the
Company and/or its assignees shall again be offered the Right of First
Refusal before any Option Shares held by the Optionee may be sold or
otherwise transferred.

(c) **Shareholders\' Agreement.** If the Company has entered into a
Shareholders\' Agreement, the Optionee agrees to be bound by the terms
of such Shareholders\' Agreement upon exercise of the Option and
acquisition of the Option Shares.

**6. CHANGE IN CONTROL**

6.1. **Definition.** For purposes of this Agreement, a \"Change in
Control\" shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events:

\(a\) Any \"person\" (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), other than (i) a
trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit
plan of the Company or (ii) a company owned directly or indirectly by
the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as
their ownership of shares of the Company, becomes the \"beneficial
owner\" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under said Act), directly or
indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifty percent
(50%) or more of the total voting power represented by the Company\'s
then outstanding voting securities;

\(b\) The consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with
any other company, other than a merger or consolidation which would
result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately
prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding
or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) at
least fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by the
voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding
immediately after such merger or consolidation;

\(c\) The consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all
or substantially all of the Company\'s assets; or

\(d\) A change in the composition of the Board of Directors of the
Company occurring within a two-year period, as a result of which fewer
than a majority of the directors are Incumbent Directors. \"Incumbent
Directors\" shall mean directors who either (i) are directors of the
Company as of the date hereof, or (ii) are elected, or nominated for
election, to the Board of Directors of the Company with the affirmative
votes of at least a majority of the Incumbent Directors at the time of
such election or nomination (but shall not include an individual whose
election or nomination is in connection with an actual or threatened
proxy contest relating to the election of directors to the Company).

6.2. **Treatment of Option upon Change in Control.** In the event of a
Change in Control, the Option shall be treated as follows:

(a) **Assumption or Substitution.** If the Option is assumed by the
successor entity or a parent or subsidiary thereof or is substituted for
a similar award of the successor entity or a parent or subsidiary
thereof, then the Option shall continue to vest in accordance with the
vesting schedule set forth in Section 2.1, subject to the Optionee\'s
continued employment or service with the successor entity or a parent or
subsidiary thereof.

(b) **No Assumption or Substitution.** If the Option is not assumed by
the successor entity or a parent or subsidiary thereof or is not
substituted for a similar award of the successor entity or a parent or
subsidiary thereof, then the Option shall become fully vested and
exercisable immediately prior to the consummation of such Change in
Control.

**7. ADJUSTMENTS UPON CHANGES IN CAPITALIZATION**

7.1. **Changes in Capitalization.** In the event of any stock split,
reverse stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, combination of
shares, reclassification of shares, spin-off or other similar change in
capitalization or event, or any dividend or distribution to holders of
the Company\'s equity shares other than an ordinary cash dividend, the
number and class of securities subject to the Option and the Exercise
Price shall be equitably adjusted by the Administrator, such adjustment
to be made in accordance with Section 422 of the Code to the extent
applicable.

**8. TAX OBLIGATIONS**

8.1. **Tax Withholding.** The Optionee acknowledges that, regardless of
any action taken by the Company or, if different, the Optionee\'s
employer (the \"Employer\"), the ultimate liability for all income tax,
social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account
or other tax-related items related to the Optionee\'s participation in
the Plan and legally applicable to the Optionee (\"Tax-Related Items\")
is and remains the Optionee\'s responsibility and may exceed the amount
actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. The Optionee further
acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no
representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any
Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Option,
including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or exercise of the
Option, the subsequent sale of Option Shares acquired pursuant to such
exercise and the receipt of any dividends; and (ii) do not commit to and
are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any
aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate the Optionee\'s liability
for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result.

Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable,
the Optionee agrees to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the
Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this
regard, the Optionee authorizes the Company and/or the Employer, or
their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations
with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the
following:

\(a\) Withholding from the Optionee\'s wages or other cash compensation
paid to the Optionee by the Company and/or the Employer;

\(b\) Withholding from proceeds of the sale of Option Shares acquired at
exercise of the Option either through a voluntary sale or through a
mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on the Optionee\'s behalf
pursuant to this authorization);

\(c\) Withholding in Option Shares to be issued at exercise of the
Option, provided, however, that the Company shall only withhold an
amount of Option Shares with a Fair Market Value equal to the
Tax-Related Items; or

\(d\) Any other method of withholding determined by the Company and
permitted by applicable law.

8.2. **Tax Consultation.** The Optionee understands that the Optionee
may suffer adverse tax consequences as a result of the Optionee\'s
purchase or disposition of the Option Shares. The Optionee represents
that the Optionee has consulted with any tax consultants the Optionee
deems advisable in connection with the purchase or disposition of the
Option Shares and that the Optionee is not relying on the Company for
any tax advice.

**9. NATURE OF GRANT**

In accepting the Option, the Optionee acknowledges, understands, and
agrees that:

9.1. The Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is
discretionary in nature, and may be amended, suspended or terminated by
the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan;

9.2. The grant of the Option is voluntary and occasional and does not
create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of
options, or benefits in lieu of options, even if options have been
granted in the past;

9.3. All decisions with respect to future option or other grants, if
any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company;

9.4. The Optionee is voluntarily participating in the Plan;

9.5. The Option and the Option Shares subject to the Option, and the
income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension
rights or compensation;

9.6. The Option and the Option Shares subject to the Option, and the
income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected
compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation,
termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses,
long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or
similar payments;

9.7. The future value of the Option Shares underlying the Option is
unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty;

9.8. If the underlying Option Shares do not increase in value, the
Option will have no value;

9.9. If the Optionee exercises the Option and acquires Option Shares,
the value of such Option Shares may increase or decrease in value, even
below the Exercise Price;

9.10. No claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise
from forfeiture of the Option resulting from the termination of the
Optionee\'s employment or other service relationship with the Company or
the Employer (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to
be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the
Optionee is employed or the terms of the Optionee\'s employment
agreement, if any);

9.11. Unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the Option and the
Option Shares, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as
consideration for, or in connection with, any service the Optionee may
provide as a director of any Group Company; and

9.12. Neither the Company, the Employer nor any Group Company shall be
liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Optionee\'s
local currency and the Indian Rupee that may affect the value of the
Option or of any amounts due to the Optionee pursuant to the exercise of
the Option or the subsequent sale of any Option Shares.

**10. DATA PRIVACY**

The Optionee hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the
collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the
Optionee\'s personal data as described in this Agreement and any other
Option grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the
Company and any Group Company for the exclusive purpose of implementing,
administering and managing the Optionee\'s participation in the Plan.

The Optionee understands that the Company and the Employer may hold
certain personal information about the Optionee, including, but not
limited to, the Optionee\'s name, home address, email address and
telephone number, date of birth, passport, social insurance number or
other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares
or directorships held in the Company, details of all Options or any
other entitlement to shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested,
unvested or outstanding in the Optionee\'s favor (\"Data\"), for the
exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan.

The Optionee understands that Data will be transferred to such stock
plan service provider as may be selected by the Company, which is
assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and
management of the Plan. The Optionee understands that the recipients of
Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the
recipients\' country may have different data privacy laws and
protections than the Optionee\'s country.

The Optionee authorizes the Company, the stock plan service provider and
any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or
in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to
receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or other
form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing
the Optionee\'s participation in the Plan.

**11. ELECTRONIC DELIVERY AND ACCEPTANCE**

The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents
related to the Option granted under, and the Optionee\'s participation
in, the Plan, or future options that may be granted under the Plan, by
electronic means or to request the Optionee\'s consent to participate in
the Plan by electronic means. The Optionee hereby consents to receive
such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, to agree to
participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system
established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by
the Company.

**12. INSIDER TRADING/MARKET ABUSE RESTRICTIONS**

The Optionee may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or
market abuse laws in applicable jurisdictions, which may affect the
Optionee\'s ability to, directly or indirectly, acquire, sell, or
attempt to sell Option Shares or rights to Option Shares under the Plan
during such times as the Optionee is considered to have \"inside
information\" regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in the
applicable jurisdictions). Any restrictions under these laws or
regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that
may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. The
Optionee is responsible for ensuring compliance with any applicable
restrictions and should consult with the Optionee\'s personal legal
advisor on this matter.

**13. LANGUAGE**

The Optionee acknowledges having read and understood the documents
relating to the Plan and the Option, including, without limitation, this
Agreement, which were provided in the English language only. The
Optionee confirms that the Optionee is sufficiently proficient in
English, or has consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient
in English, so as to allow the Optionee to understand the terms and
conditions of this Agreement.

**14. GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE**

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of India, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of
law. The courts in Bengaluru, Karnataka shall have jurisdiction to hear
and determine any suit, action or proceeding, and to settle any
disputes, which may arise out of or in connection with this Agreement.

**15. SEVERABILITY**

The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if any one or more
provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in
whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding
and enforceable.

**16. NOTICES**

Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to the Company
shall be addressed to the Company at its registered office, and any
notice to be given to the Optionee shall be addressed to the Optionee at
the most recent physical or email address of the Optionee on the records
of the Company.

**17. APPENDIX**

Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Option shall be
subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in the Appendix to
this Agreement for the Optionee\'s country. Moreover, if the Optionee
relocates to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special
terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Optionee, to the
extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and
conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative
reasons. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement.

**18. IMPOSITION OF OTHER REQUIREMENTS**

The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the
Optionee\'s participation in the Plan, on the Option and on any Option
Shares purchased upon exercise of the Option, to the extent the Company
determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative
reasons, and to require the Optionee to sign any additional agreements
or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.

**19. AMENDMENT, MODIFICATION, AND TERMINATION**

The Administrator may at any time terminate or from time to time amend
the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that no such action
shall adversely affect the Optionee\'s rights under this Agreement
without the Optionee\'s consent.

**20. WAIVER**

The waiver by either party of compliance with any provision of this
Agreement by the other party shall not operate or be construed as a
waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent
breach by such party of a provision of this Agreement.

**21. ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

The Plan and this Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the
parties and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and
agreements of the Company and the Optionee with respect to the subject
matter hereof.

**22. ACCEPTANCE OF AGREEMENT**

The Optionee hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and this
Agreement. The Optionee has read and understands the terms and
provisions thereof, and accepts the Option subject to all of the terms
and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. The Optionee acknowledges
that there may be adverse tax consequences upon exercise of the Option
or disposition of the Option Shares and that the Optionee should consult
a tax advisor prior to such exercise or disposition.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the date first above written.

**SKELSA PRIVATE LIMITED**

By: \[NAME\] Title: \[TITLE\]

**OPTIONEE**

\[EMPLOYEE NAME\]

**EXHIBIT A**

**NOTICE OF EXERCISE**

Skelsa Private Limited \[COMPANY ADDRESS\]

Attention: \[APPROPRIATE OFFICER\]

1.  **Exercise of Option.** Effective as of today,
    \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, the undersigned (\"Purchaser\") hereby
    elects to purchase \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ equity shares (the
    \"Shares\") of Skelsa Private Limited (the \"Company\") under and
    pursuant to the Stock Option Award Agreement dated
    \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (the \"Agreement\"). The purchase price
    for the Shares shall be INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per share,
    for a total purchase price of INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

2.  **Delivery of Payment.** Purchaser herewith delivers to the Company
    the full purchase price of the Shares and any required tax
    withholding in the following form: □ Cash/Check □ Electronic Funds
    Transfer □ Other (specify): \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

3.  **Representations of Purchaser.** Purchaser acknowledges that
    Purchaser has received, read and understood the Agreement and the
    Plan. Purchaser agrees to abide by and be bound by their terms and
    conditions.

4.  **Rights as Shareholder.** Until the issuance (as evidenced by the
    appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly
    authorized transfer agent of the Company) of the Shares, no right to
    vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a shareholder shall
    exist with respect to the Option Shares, notwithstanding the
    exercise of the Option. The Shares so acquired shall be issued to
    Purchaser as soon as practicable after exercise of the Option.

5.  **Tax Consultation.** Purchaser understands that Purchaser may
    suffer adverse tax consequences as a result of Purchaser\'s purchase
    or disposition of the Shares. Purchaser represents that Purchaser
    has consulted with any tax consultants Purchaser deems advisable in
    connection with the purchase or disposition of the Shares and that
    Purchaser is not relying on the Company for any tax advice.

6.  **Entire Agreement.** The Plan and Agreement are incorporated herein
    by reference. This Notice of Exercise, the Plan, and the Agreement
    constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the
    subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior
    undertakings and agreements of the Company and Purchaser with
    respect to the subject matter hereof.

Submitted by: Accepted by: PURCHASER: SKELSA PRIVATE LIMITED

Signature By: Title:

Print Name

Address

Email Address
