---
title: Fitouts Agreement
description: Detailed content for Fitouts Agreement.
---

**FITOUTS AGREEMENT**

**FITOUT WORKS AGREEMENT**

This FITOUT WORKS AGREEMENT (the \"Agreement\") is made and entered into
as of \[DATE\] (the \"Effective Date\"), by and between:

Skelsa Private Limited, a company incorporated under the Companies Act,
2013, having its registered office at \[ADDRESS\], Bengaluru, Karnataka
- \[PINCODE\], India (hereinafter referred to as the \"Client\");

AND

\[CONTRACTOR NAME\], a \[ENTITY TYPE\] organized and existing under the
laws of \[JURISDICTION\], having its principal place of business at
\[ADDRESS\] (hereinafter referred to as the \"Contractor\").

The Client and the Contractor are hereinafter individually referred to
as a \"Party\" and collectively as the \"Parties\".

**RECITALS**

WHEREAS, the Client operates premium biophilic coworking spaces under
the brand name \"Skelsa\";

WHEREAS, the Client has leased premises located at \[ADDRESS\] (the
\"Premises\") for the purpose of establishing a biophilic coworking
space;

WHEREAS, the Client wishes to engage the Contractor to design and
execute certain fitout works at the Premises in accordance with the
Client\'s biophilic design concept;

WHEREAS, the Contractor has expertise in commercial interior fitout
services, including biophilic design implementation, and represents that
it has the necessary qualifications, experience, and abilities to
provide such services to the Client; and

WHEREAS, the Parties wish to enter into this Agreement to establish the
terms and conditions of such engagement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements
contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties
agree as follows:

**1. SCOPE OF WORK**

1.1. **Engagement.** The Client hereby engages the Contractor, and the
Contractor hereby accepts such engagement, to perform the services
described in Section 1.2 (the \"Services\") on the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement.

1.2. **Scope of Services.** The Contractor shall provide the following
Services to the Client:

(a) **Design Development:** (i) Review the Client\'s initial design
concept, space requirements, and biophilic design principles; (ii)
Develop detailed design drawings, including floor plans, reflected
ceiling plans, elevations, sections, and 3D visualizations; (iii)
Prepare material and finish schedules; (iv) Develop detailed technical
specifications for all systems and installations; (v) Coordinate with
the Client\'s biophilic design consultants for integration of living
elements; (vi) Obtain the Client\'s approval of the final design.

(b) **Engineering and Technical Planning:** (i) Develop mechanical,
electrical, and plumbing (MEP) plans; (ii) Design specialized systems
for supporting biophilic elements, including irrigation, drainage, and
plant lighting; (iii) Prepare structural calculations for load-bearing
elements, particularly for planter systems and living walls; (iv) Design
HVAC modifications to support plant health and human comfort; (v)
Develop lighting plans with emphasis on both plant and human
requirements; (vi) Create acoustical design plans incorporating natural
elements.

(c) **Procurement and Material Management:** (i) Prepare a detailed bill
of quantities (BOQ); (ii) Source and procure all required materials,
equipment, and fixtures as specified in the approved design; (iii)
Verify quality and specifications of all procured items; (iv) Arrange
for timely delivery and secure storage of materials; (v) Track inventory
and manage material flow to the construction site; (vi) Coordinate with
specialized vendors for biophilic elements.

(d) **Construction and Installation:** (i) Obtain all necessary permits
and approvals for the fitout works; (ii) Prepare the site and implement
temporary protective measures; (iii) Execute all construction,
demolition, and installation works in accordance with the approved
designs and specifications; (iv) Install all mechanical, electrical, and
plumbing systems; (v) Install all architectural elements, including
partitions, ceilings, flooring, doors, and windows; (vi) Install
custom-designed elements specific to the biophilic concept; (vii)
Install furniture, fixtures, and equipment (FF&E); (viii) Implement all
living elements, including planters, living walls, and water features;
(ix) Install all technology systems, including IT infrastructure,
audio-visual systems, and security systems.

(e) **Project Management:** (i) Develop and maintain a detailed project
schedule; (ii) Coordinate with all subcontractors, vendors, and
consultants; (iii) Conduct regular site meetings and progress reviews;
(iv) Provide weekly progress reports to the Client; (v) Manage quality
control processes; (vi) Implement health and safety measures; (vii)
Monitor and control project costs; (viii) Manage change orders and
variations; (ix) Coordinate with building management and local
authorities.

(f) **Commissioning and Handover:** (i) Conduct testing and
commissioning of all systems; (ii) Perform quality inspections and
identify any defects or incomplete works; (iii) Rectify identified
defects or incomplete works; (iv) Prepare and submit as-built drawings
and documentation; (v) Prepare and submit operation and maintenance
manuals; (vi) Provide training to the Client\'s staff on system
operations and maintenance; (vii) Execute formal handover of the
completed Premises to the Client.

1.3. **Specific Biophilic Design Requirements.** The Contractor
acknowledges that the implementation of the Client\'s biophilic design
concept is a critical aspect of the Services and agrees to the following
specific requirements:

(a) **Living Elements:** (i) Installation of \[NUMBER\] living walls
with a total area of approximately \[AREA\] square meters; (ii)
Installation of \[NUMBER\] planter systems with a total area of
approximately \[AREA\] square meters; (iii) Creation of \[NUMBER\]
feature areas with dense plant arrangements; (iv) Installation of
\[NUMBER\] water features integrated with planting; (v) Incorporation of
hanging plant systems in designated areas; (vi) Implementation of moss
wall installations in specified locations.

(b) **Supporting Systems:** (i) Design and installation of automated
irrigation systems for all living elements; (ii) Implementation of water
recirculation and filtration systems for water features; (iii)
Installation of specialized lighting for plant health; (iv)
Implementation of drainage systems for all planting areas; (v)
Installation of moisture barriers and waterproofing for all areas with
living elements; (vi) Implementation of humidity control systems in
plant-dense areas.

(c) **Natural Materials:** (i) Use of sustainable timber for \[SPECIFIC
ELEMENTS\]; (ii) Integration of natural stone for \[SPECIFIC ELEMENTS\];
(iii) Use of natural fabrics and materials for upholstery and finishes;
(iv) Implementation of cork, bamboo, or other renewable materials for
\[SPECIFIC ELEMENTS\]; (v) Use of natural clay or lime-based finishes
for wall surfaces.

(d) **Environmental Considerations:** (i) Implementation of
energy-efficient systems throughout the Premises; (ii) Use of low-VOC
materials and finishes; (iii) Implementation of waste reduction and
recycling practices during construction; (iv) Use of locally sourced
materials where possible; (v) Implementation of water conservation
measures; (vi) Selection of environmentally certified materials and
products.

1.4. **Deliverables.** The Contractor shall provide the following
deliverables to the Client:

(a) **Design Phase:** (i) Concept design presentation; (ii) Detailed
design drawings; (iii) Material and finish samples; (iv) 3D
visualizations; (v) Technical specifications; (vi) Engineering drawings.

(b) **Construction Phase:** (i) Weekly progress reports; (ii) Monthly
financial reports; (iii) Quality control reports; (iv) Safety compliance
reports; (v) Photographs documenting construction progress; (vi)
Submittal samples for Client approval.

(c) **Handover Phase:** (i) As-built drawings in both hard copy and
electronic formats; (ii) Operation and maintenance manuals for all
systems; (iii) Warranty certificates for all equipment and
installations; (iv) Training materials for Client\'s staff; (v) Plant
care and maintenance manuals; (vi) Final project documentation including
permits, approvals, and compliance certificates.

1.5. **Work Schedule.** The Contractor shall perform the Services
according to the following schedule:

(a) **Design Development:** \[START DATE\] to \[END DATE\] (\[NUMBER\]
weeks) (b) **Engineering and Technical Planning:** \[START DATE\] to
\[END DATE\] (\[NUMBER\] weeks) (c) **Procurement and Material
Management:**\[START DATE\] to \[END DATE\] (\[NUMBER\] weeks)
(d) **Construction and Installation:** \[START DATE\] to \[END DATE\]
(\[NUMBER\] weeks) (e) **Commissioning and Handover:** \[START DATE\] to
\[END DATE\] (\[NUMBER\] weeks)

1.6. **Substantial Completion.** \"Substantial Completion\" shall mean
the stage in the progress of the Services when the Premises is
sufficiently complete in accordance with this Agreement so that the
Client can occupy or utilize the Premises for its intended use. The date
of Substantial Completion shall be certified by the Client\'s
representative after inspection of the Premises.

1.7. **Final Completion.** \"Final Completion\" shall mean the
completion of all Services, including all punch list items, and the
delivery of all deliverables described in Section 1.4.

**2. CLIENT\'S RESPONSIBILITIES**

2.1. **Access to Premises.** The Client shall provide the Contractor
with access to the Premises as necessary for the performance of the
Services during the agreed working hours, which shall be \[SPECIFY
WORKING HOURS\]. Any work outside of these hours must be approved in
advance by the Client.

2.2. **Information and Approvals.** The Client shall:

\(a\) Provide all relevant information, documents, and data necessary
for the Contractor to perform the Services;

\(b\) Review and provide feedback on design submissions within
\[NUMBER\] business days of receipt;

\(c\) Review and approve material selections within \[NUMBER\] business
days of receipt;

\(d\) Facilitate coordination with the building management and landlord
as necessary;

\(e\) Provide timely decisions on any matters requiring the Client\'s
input or approval;

\(f\) Attend regular project meetings as scheduled by the Contractor.

2.3. **Client\'s Representative.** The Client shall appoint a
representative who shall be authorized to act on behalf of the Client
with respect to the Project. The Client\'s representative shall be
\[NAME, POSITION\] or such other person as the Client may designate in
writing from time to time.

2.4. **Permits and Authorizations.** The Client shall be responsible
for:

\(a\) Obtaining the landlord\'s approval for the fitout works;

\(b\) Providing necessary authorizations and letters of support for
permit applications;

\(c\) Obtaining any special permits or approvals specifically required
to be obtained by the Client under the lease agreement.

2.5. **Payment.** The Client shall pay the Contract Price to the
Contractor in accordance with Section 3.

**3. PRICE AND PAYMENT**

3.1. **Contract Price.** The total price for the Services described in
this Agreement (the \"Contract Price\") shall be \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\]
(\[AMOUNT IN WORDS\]), exclusive of applicable taxes. The Contract Price
is a fixed lump sum price for the complete execution of the Services as
described in Section 1.

3.2. **Price Breakdown.** The Contract Price is broken down as follows:

\(a\) Design Development: \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\] (\[PERCENTAGE\]% of
Contract Price) (b) Engineering and Technical Planning: \[CURRENCY\]
\[AMOUNT\] (\[PERCENTAGE\]% of Contract Price) (c) Procurement and
Material Management: \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\] (\[PERCENTAGE\]% of
Contract Price) (d) Construction and Installation: \[CURRENCY\]
\[AMOUNT\] (\[PERCENTAGE\]% of Contract Price) (e) Commissioning and
Handover: \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\] (\[PERCENTAGE\]% of Contract Price)
(f) Project Management: \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\] (\[PERCENTAGE\]% of
Contract Price) (g) Contingency: \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\]
(\[PERCENTAGE\]% of Contract Price)

3.3. **Payment Schedule.** The Client shall pay the Contract Price to
the Contractor according to the following schedule:

\(a\) Advance Payment: \[PERCENTAGE\]% of the Contract Price upon
signing of this Agreement;

\(b\) Design Completion: \[PERCENTAGE\]% of the Contract Price upon
Client\'s approval of the final design;

\(c\) Material Procurement: \[PERCENTAGE\]% of the Contract Price upon
commencement of material procurement;

\(d\) Construction Milestone 1: \[PERCENTAGE\]% of the Contract Price
upon completion of \[SPECIFIC MILESTONE\];

\(e\) Construction Milestone 2: \[PERCENTAGE\]% of the Contract Price
upon completion of \[SPECIFIC MILESTONE\];

\(f\) Construction Milestone 3: \[PERCENTAGE\]% of the Contract Price
upon completion of \[SPECIFIC MILESTONE\];

\(g\) Substantial Completion: \[PERCENTAGE\]% of the Contract Price upon
Substantial Completion;

\(h\) Final Completion: \[PERCENTAGE\]% of the Contract Price upon Final
Completion and resolution of all punch list items;

\(i\) Retention: \[PERCENTAGE\]% of the Contract Price to be retained by
the Client for a period of \[NUMBER\] months from the date of Final
Completion as security for the Contractor\'s performance of its warranty
obligations.

3.4. **Invoicing.** The Contractor shall submit invoices to the Client
for each payment milestone achieved. Each invoice shall include:

\(a\) The Contractor\'s name and address;

\(b\) The Client\'s name and address;

\(c\) Invoice number and date;

\(d\) Description of the milestone achieved;

\(e\) Amount due for the milestone;

\(f\) GST registration number and amount of GST charged;

\(g\) Total amount due;

\(h\) Bank account details for payment.

3.5. **Payment Terms.** The Client shall pay each invoice within
\[NUMBER\] days of receipt, subject to verification of milestone
completion. Payment shall be made by electronic bank transfer to the
Contractor\'s designated bank account.

3.6. **Taxes.** The Contract Price is exclusive of Goods and Services
Tax (GST) and other applicable taxes. The Client shall pay all
applicable taxes in addition to the Contract Price. The Contractor shall
be responsible for the payment of all taxes, duties, and levies that it
is required to pay under applicable laws.

3.7. **Change Orders.** Any changes to the scope of Services that affect
the Contract Price or Work Schedule shall be documented in a written
change order signed by both Parties. The change order shall specify the
nature of the change, the adjustment to the Contract Price, and any
adjustment to the Work Schedule.

3.8. **Cost Savings.** If the actual cost of any item or category of
work is less than the amount allocated in Section 3.2, \[PERCENTAGE\]%
of such savings shall be returned to the Client and \[PERCENTAGE\]%
shall be retained by the Contractor as an incentive for cost efficiency.

**4. MATERIALS AND WORKMANSHIP**

4.1. **Quality Standards.** All materials, equipment, and workmanship
shall be:

\(a\) Of the quality and standard specified in the design documents;

\(b\) In accordance with good industry practice;

\(c\) Compliant with all applicable laws, regulations, codes, and
standards;

\(d\) New and unused, unless otherwise specified;

\(e\) Free from defects in design, material, and workmanship.

4.2. **Samples and Approvals.** The Contractor shall submit samples of
materials and products to the Client for approval before procurement or
installation. The Client shall approve or reject such samples within
\[NUMBER\] business days of receipt.

4.3. **Inspection and Testing.** The Client or its representative shall
have the right to inspect and test the materials, equipment, and
workmanship at any time during the performance of the Services. If any
work or materials are found to be defective or not in accordance with
the requirements of this Agreement, the Client may reject such work or
materials and the Contractor shall promptly correct or replace them at
no additional cost to the Client.

4.4. **Sustainability and Environmental Requirements.** The Contractor
shall:

\(a\) Use materials with low environmental impact where specified;

\(b\) Implement waste reduction and recycling practices during
construction;

\(c\) Use low-VOC (Volatile Organic Compounds) paints, adhesives,
sealants, and coatings;

\(d\) Source timber from certified sustainable forests;

\(e\) Prioritize locally sourced materials where possible;

\(f\) Implement energy-efficient construction practices;

\(g\) Properly dispose of construction waste in accordance with local
regulations.

4.5. **Specialized Biophilic Elements.** The Contractor shall engage
specialized subcontractors or consultants for the implementation of
living elements, including but not limited to:

\(a\) Selection and procurement of plant species appropriate for indoor
environments;

\(b\) Design and installation of irrigation and drainage systems for
living walls and planters;

\(c\) Installation of specialized lighting for plant health;

\(d\) Implementation of water features and their integration with
planting;

\(e\) Ongoing care during the construction and establishment period.

**5. SUBCONTRACTORS**

5.1. **Engagement of Subcontractors.** The Contractor may engage
subcontractors to perform portions of the Services, provided that:

\(a\) The Contractor shall obtain the Client\'s prior written approval
for all subcontractors, which approval shall not be unreasonably
withheld;

\(b\) The Contractor shall remain fully responsible to the Client for
the acts, omissions, and performance of all subcontractors;

\(c\) The Contractor shall ensure that all subcontractors have the
necessary qualifications, experience, and resources to perform their
portion of the Services;

\(d\) The Contractor shall ensure that all subcontractors comply with
the terms and conditions of this Agreement;

\(e\) Any subcontracting shall not relieve the Contractor of any of its
obligations under this Agreement.

5.2. **Specialized Subcontractors.** The following specialized
subcontractors have been pre-approved by the Client for the specific
aspects of the Services indicated:

\(a\) Living Wall Installation: \[SUBCONTRACTOR NAME\] (b) Irrigation
Systems: \[SUBCONTRACTOR NAME\] (c) Lighting Design and Installation:
\[SUBCONTRACTOR NAME\] (d) HVAC Modifications: \[SUBCONTRACTOR NAME\]
(e) Water Features: \[SUBCONTRACTOR NAME\] (f) Acoustic Solutions:
\[SUBCONTRACTOR NAME\] (g) Smart Building Systems: \[SUBCONTRACTOR
NAME\]

5.3. **Subcontractor Management.** The Contractor shall:

\(a\) Coordinate the activities of all subcontractors;

\(b\) Ensure that all subcontractors have the necessary information,
access, and resources to perform their portions of the Services;

\(c\) Review and approve all work performed by subcontractors before
incorporation into the Services;

\(d\) Ensure that all subcontractors comply with site rules, health and
safety requirements, and quality standards;

\(e\) Resolve any disputes or issues that may arise between
subcontractors.

5.4. **Subcontractor Warranties.** The Contractor shall obtain
warranties from all subcontractors that are at least as protective as
the warranties provided by the Contractor to the Client under this
Agreement. The Contractor shall assign all such warranties to the Client
upon Final Completion.

**6. WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS**

6.1. **Contractor\'s Warranties.** The Contractor warrants and
represents to the Client that:

\(a\) It is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under
the laws of its jurisdiction of organization;

\(b\) It has full power and authority to enter into and perform its
obligations under this Agreement;

\(c\) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid, and binding obligation
of the Contractor, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms;

\(d\) The execution and performance of this Agreement by the Contractor
does not violate any law, regulation, or agreement to which the
Contractor is a party or by which it is bound;

\(e\) It holds all licenses, permits, and registrations required to
perform the Services;

\(f\) It has the necessary expertise, experience, personnel, and
resources to perform the Services in a professional and competent
manner;

\(g\) It shall perform the Services in compliance with all applicable
laws, regulations, codes, and standards;

\(h\) It shall perform the Services in accordance with the highest
standards of care, skill, and diligence observed in the industry;

\(i\) All materials, equipment, and workmanship shall be of the quality
and standard specified and free from defects;

\(j\) The completed Premises shall be fit for the Client\'s intended
purpose as a biophilic coworking space;

\(k\) It shall perform the Services in a manner that minimizes
disruption to the building\'s other occupants;

\(l\) It has visited the Premises, examined the conditions, and is
familiar with all circumstances that may affect the performance of the
Services.

6.2. **Defect Liability Period.** The Contractor shall be responsible
for remedying any defects in the Services that appear within a period of
\[NUMBER\] months from the date of Final Completion (the \"Defect
Liability Period\"). The Contractor shall remedy such defects promptly
upon notification by the Client at no additional cost to the Client.

6.3. **Extended Warranties.** In addition to the Defect Liability
Period, the Contractor shall provide the following extended warranties:

\(a\) Structural Elements: \[NUMBER\] years from Final Completion (b)
Waterproofing and Moisture Barriers: \[NUMBER\] years from Final
Completion (c) Mechanical Systems: \[NUMBER\] years from Final
Completion (d) Electrical Systems: \[NUMBER\] years from Final
Completion (e) Plumbing Systems: \[NUMBER\] years from Final Completion
(f) Custom Furniture and Millwork: \[NUMBER\] years from Final
Completion (g) Living Wall Structures and Support Systems: \[NUMBER\]
years from Final Completion

6.4. **Manufacturer Warranties.** The Contractor shall obtain standard
manufacturer warranties for all equipment, fixtures, and systems
installed as part of the Services. The Contractor shall assign all such
warranties to the Client upon Final Completion and shall assist the
Client in registering such warranties with the manufacturers.

6.5. **Plant Establishment Warranty.** The Contractor warrants that all
living plants installed as part of the Services shall establish and
remain healthy for a period of \[NUMBER\] months from the date of Final
Completion, provided that the Client maintains them in accordance with
the plant care manuals provided by the Contractor. Any plants that fail
to establish or that die during this period shall be replaced by the
Contractor at no additional cost to the Client.

6.6. **Remedy of Defects.** Upon receipt of notice from the Client of
any defect covered by the warranties in this Section 6, the Contractor
shall promptly:

\(a\) Inspect the defect within \[NUMBER\] business days;

\(b\) Submit a proposed remedy plan to the Client within \[NUMBER\]
business days after inspection;

\(c\) Upon approval of the remedy plan by the Client, commence remedial
work within \[NUMBER\] business days;

\(d\) Complete the remedial work within a reasonable time, taking into
account the nature and complexity of the defect;

\(e\) Minimize disruption to the Client\'s operations during the
remedial work;

\(f\) Obtain the Client\'s acceptance of the remedial work upon
completion.

6.7. **Emergency Repairs.** In case of emergency where delay in
remedying a defect would cause risk of damage to property or injury to
persons, the Client may undertake immediate repairs and the Contractor
shall reimburse the Client for the reasonable cost of such repairs.

**7. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY**

7.1. **Pre-existing Intellectual Property.** Each Party shall retain
ownership of all intellectual property rights in any materials, designs,
drawings, specifications, software, or other works created or developed
by that Party prior to or independently of this Agreement
(\"Pre-existing IP\").

7.2. **License of Pre-existing IP.** Each Party grants to the other
Party a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free license to use its
Pre-existing IP solely for the purposes of performing or receiving the
Services under this Agreement.

7.3. **Project Intellectual Property.** All intellectual property rights
in any materials, designs, drawings, specifications, software, or other
works created or developed by the Contractor specifically for the Client
as part of the Services (\"Project IP\") shall vest in and be owned by
the Client upon creation.

7.4. **Contractor\'s License.** The Client grants to the Contractor a
non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free license to use the Project
IP solely for the purposes of performing the Services under this
Agreement.

7.5. **Third-Party Intellectual Property.** The Contractor shall obtain
all necessary licenses, permissions, or rights for any third-party
intellectual property used in the performance of the Services or
incorporated into the Premises.

7.6. **Indemnification for Intellectual Property Claims.** The
Contractor shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Client from
and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs, and
expenses (including reasonable attorneys\' fees) arising out of or
relating to any claim that any aspect of the Services infringes or
misappropriates the intellectual property rights of any third party.

**8. CONFIDENTIALITY**

8.1. **Confidential Information.** \"Confidential Information\" means
all non-public information disclosed by one Party (the \"Disclosing
Party\") to the other Party (the \"Receiving Party\") in connection with
this Agreement, whether orally, in writing, or by other means, that is
designated as confidential or that reasonably should be understood to be
confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances
of disclosure. Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to:

\(a\) Business plans, strategies, forecasts, and financial information;

\(b\) Design concepts, drawings, specifications, and technical
information;

\(c\) Proprietary business processes and methods;

\(d\) Marketing plans and analyses;

\(e\) The terms and conditions of this Agreement; and

\(f\) Any other information that would reasonably be considered
proprietary, confidential, or commercially valuable.

8.2. **Exclusions.** Confidential Information does not include
information that:

\(a\) Is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a
result of disclosure by the Receiving Party or its representatives;

\(b\) Was known by the Receiving Party prior to its disclosure by the
Disclosing Party;

\(c\) Becomes available to the Receiving Party on a non-confidential
basis from a source other than the Disclosing Party, provided that such
source is not bound by a confidentiality agreement with the Disclosing
Party; or

\(d\) Is independently developed by the Receiving Party without
reference to or use of the Disclosing Party\'s Confidential Information.

8.3. **Confidentiality Obligations.** The Receiving Party shall:

\(a\) Maintain the confidentiality of the Disclosing Party\'s
Confidential Information with at least the same degree of care that it
uses to protect its own confidential information, but in no case less
than reasonable care;

\(b\) Not disclose the Confidential Information to any third party,
except to its directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors, or
representatives who need to know such information for the purposes of
this Agreement and who are bound by confidentiality obligations at least
as restrictive as those in this Agreement;

\(c\) Use the Confidential Information only for the purposes of
performing its obligations or exercising its rights under this
Agreement;

\(d\) Take all reasonable measures to prevent unauthorized access to or
use of the Confidential Information; and

\(e\) Promptly notify the Disclosing Party of any unauthorized
disclosure or use of the Confidential Information of which it becomes
aware.

8.4. **Required Disclosure.** The Receiving Party may disclose
Confidential Information to the extent required by law, regulation, or
court order, provided that the Receiving Party:

\(a\) Gives the Disclosing Party prompt written notice of such
requirement prior to disclosure, if legally permitted;

\(b\) Cooperates with the Disclosing Party\'s efforts to limit or
contest such disclosure or obtain a protective order; and

\(c\) Discloses only that portion of the Confidential Information that
it is legally required to disclose.

8.5. **Return or Destruction of Confidential Information.** Upon the
termination of this Agreement or at the Disclosing Party\'s request, the
Receiving Party shall promptly return to the Disclosing Party or destroy
all Confidential Information in its possession or control, including all
copies, extracts, or derivatives thereof, and shall certify such return
or destruction in writing if requested by the Disclosing Party.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Receiving Party may retain
Confidential Information to the extent required by law or regulation or
for archival purposes, provided that such retained Confidential
Information shall remain subject to the confidentiality obligations of
this Agreement.

8.6. **Survival.** The obligations under this Section 8 shall survive
the termination of this Agreement for a period of \[NUMBER\] years.

**9. TERM AND TERMINATION**

9.1. **Term.** This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and
shall continue until Final Completion of the Services, unless earlier
terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

9.2. **Termination for Convenience.** The Client may terminate this
Agreement for convenience by providing at least \[NUMBER\] days\' prior
written notice to the Contractor. In the event of such termination, the
Client shall pay the Contractor:

\(a\) For all Services properly performed up to the date of termination;

\(b\) For all materials and equipment ordered for the Services that
cannot be canceled or returned;

\(c\) For reasonable demobilization costs; and

\(d\) A cancellation fee equal to \[PERCENTAGE\]% of the Contract Price
for the portion of the Services not yet performed.

9.3. **Termination for Cause.** Either Party may terminate this
Agreement for cause upon written notice to the other Party if:

\(a\) The other Party commits a material breach of this Agreement and
fails to cure such breach within \[NUMBER\] days after receiving written
notice thereof;

\(b\) The other Party becomes insolvent, files for bankruptcy, or makes
an assignment for the benefit of creditors;

\(c\) The other Party ceases to carry on business; or

\(d\) The other Party engages in fraudulent, illegal, or unethical
conduct that could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the
terminating Party.

9.4. **Suspension of Work.** The Client may, at any time and for any
reason, suspend the performance of the Services or any portion thereof
by giving the Contractor written notice specifying the portions of the
Services to be suspended and the effective date of suspension. The
Contractor shall suspend performance of such portions of the Services on
the date specified and shall not resume performance until directed to do
so by the Client. During any such suspension, the Contractor shall
properly protect and secure the suspended portions of the Services. If
the suspension is not due to the Contractor\'s default or negligence,
the Client shall pay the Contractor for:

\(a\) All Services properly performed prior to the effective date of
suspension;

\(b\) The cost of suspension, including demobilization and
remobilization costs; and

\(c\) An equitable adjustment to the Contract Price and/or Work Schedule
if the suspension affects the Contractor\'s cost or time of performance.

9.5. **Effect of Termination.** Upon termination of this Agreement:

\(a\) The Contractor shall immediately cease all work on the Services
except as necessary to preserve and protect the work already completed;

\(b\) The Contractor shall deliver to the Client all completed or
partially completed deliverables;

\(c\) The Contractor shall remove its equipment, materials, and
personnel from the Premises within \[NUMBER\] days;

\(d\) The Contractor shall leave the Premises in a clean and safe
condition;

\(e\) The Client shall pay the Contractor all amounts due for Services
properly performed prior to termination;

\(f\) Each Party shall return or destroy all Confidential Information of
the other Party in accordance with Section 8.5; and

\(g\) All rights and obligations of the Parties shall cease, except for
those that expressly survive termination.

9.6. **Survival.** The following provisions shall survive the
termination of this Agreement: Section 6 (Warranties and
Representations), Section 7 (Intellectual Property), Section 8
(Confidentiality), Section 10 (Indemnification and Limitation of
Liability), Section, 11 (Insurance), Section 12 (Dispute Resolution),
and any other provisions that by their nature are intended to survive
termination.

**10. INDEMNIFICATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**

10.1. **Contractor\'s Indemnification.** The Contractor shall indemnify,
defend, and hold harmless the Client, its directors, officers,
employees, agents, and affiliates from and against any and all claims,
damages, losses, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable
attorneys\' fees) arising out of or relating to:

\(a\) The Contractor\'s breach of this Agreement;

\(b\) The Contractor\'s violation of any law, regulation, or third-party
rights;

\(c\) Any negligent act, omission, or willful misconduct of the
Contractor, its employees, agents, representatives, or subcontractors in
connection with the performance of the Services;

\(d\) Any bodily injury, death, or damage to property caused by the
Contractor or its employees, agents, representatives, or subcontractors;

\(e\) Any defect in the design, materials, or workmanship of the
Services;

\(f\) Any claim that any aspect of the Services infringes or
misappropriates the intellectual property rights of any third party; or

\(g\) Any claim by a subcontractor or supplier arising from the
Contractor\'s failure to pay for goods or services provided for the
Project.

10.2. **Client\'s Indemnification.** The Client shall indemnify, defend,
and hold harmless the Contractor, its directors, officers, employees,
agents, and affiliates from and against any and all claims, damages,
losses, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable
attorneys\' fees) arising out of or relating to:

\(a\) The Client\'s breach of this Agreement;

\(b\) The Client\'s violation of any law, regulation, or third-party
rights; or

\(c\) Any negligent act, omission, or willful misconduct of the Client
or its employees, agents, or representatives in connection with this
Agreement.

10.3. **Limitation of Liability.** EXCEPT FOR OBLIGATIONS ARISING UNDER
SECTION 10.1, SECTION 10.2, AND SECTION 8 (CONFIDENTIALITY), NEITHER
PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA, OR USE, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

10.4. **Liability Cap.** EXCEPT FOR OBLIGATIONS ARISING UNDER SECTION
10.1, SECTION 10.2, AND SECTION 8 (CONFIDENTIALITY), EACH PARTY\'S
MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY UNDER OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE),
BREACH OF STATUTORY DUTY, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL
CONTRACT PRICE.

**11. INSURANCE**

11.1. **Contractor\'s Insurance.** The Contractor shall maintain, at its
own expense, the following insurance coverage throughout the term of
this Agreement and for a period of \[NUMBER\] years thereafter:

(a) **Workers\' Compensation Insurance** in accordance with applicable
laws, with employer\'s liability limits of not less than \[CURRENCY\]
\[AMOUNT\] per occurrence;

(b) **Commercial General Liability Insurance** with limits of not less
than \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\] per occurrence and \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\]
in the aggregate, covering bodily injury, personal injury, property
damage, products/completed operations, and contractual liability;

(c) **Professional Liability Insurance (Errors and Omissions)** with
limits of not less than \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\] per claim and
\[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\] in the aggregate;

(d) **Automobile Liability Insurance** covering owned, non-owned, and
hired vehicles, with limits of not less than \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\] per
accident for bodily injury and property damage;

(e) **Contractor\'s All Risk Insurance** covering the full replacement
value of the Contractor\'s equipment, materials, and property used in
connection with the Services;

(f) **Completed Value Builder\'s Risk Insurance** covering the full
replacement value of the completed work against \"all risks\" of
physical loss or damage.

11.2. **Insurance Requirements.** All insurance policies required under
this Section 11 shall:

\(a\) Be issued by reputable insurance companies licensed to do business
in India with a minimum A.M. Best rating of A- or equivalent;

\(b\) Name the Client as an additional insured (except for Workers\'
Compensation and Professional Liability policies);

\(c\) Include a waiver of subrogation in favor of the Client;

\(d\) Be primary and non-contributory with respect to any insurance or
self-insurance maintained by the Client;

\(e\) Provide that they cannot be canceled or materially modified
without at least thirty (30) days\' prior written notice to the Client;
and

\(f\) Include coverage for the Contractor\'s subcontractors or require
subcontractors to maintain similar insurance coverage.

11.3. **Certificates of Insurance.** The Contractor shall provide the
Client with certificates of insurance evidencing the required coverage
before commencing the Services and upon each renewal of such policies.
The Contractor shall also provide copies of the insurance policies upon
the Client\'s request.

11.4. **No Limitation.** The insurance requirements set forth in this
Section 11 shall not be construed as a limitation of the Contractor\'s
liability under this Agreement or otherwise.

**12. DISPUTE RESOLUTION**

12.1. **Amicable Resolution.** If any dispute arises between the Parties
in connection with this Agreement, the Parties shall attempt to resolve
such dispute amicably through good faith negotiations within thirty (30)
days from the date on which either Party notifies the other of the
dispute.

12.2. **Mediation.** If the Parties are unable to resolve the dispute
through negotiations within the thirty (30) day period, either Party may
refer the dispute to mediation by a neutral mediator agreed upon by both
Parties. The mediation shall be conducted in accordance with the
Mediation Rules of the Indian Institute of Arbitration and Mediation.
The mediation shall take place in Bengaluru, Karnataka, India. The costs
of mediation shall be borne equally by the Parties.

12.3. **Arbitration.** If the dispute is not resolved through mediation
within sixty (60) days of the appointment of the mediator, or such
further period as the Parties may agree in writing, the dispute shall be
referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in accordance with the
Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996, as amended. The arbitration
shall be conducted by a sole arbitrator appointed by mutual agreement of
the Parties. If the Parties cannot agree on the appointment of the
arbitrator within thirty (30) days, the arbitrator shall be appointed by
the High Court of Karnataka. The seat of arbitration shall be Bengaluru,
Karnataka, India. The language of arbitration shall be English. The
arbitration award shall be final and binding on the Parties.

12.4. **Interim Relief.** Nothing in this Section 12 shall prevent
either Party from seeking interim relief from a court of competent
jurisdiction to protect its rights or interests pending the outcome of
negotiations, mediation, or arbitration.

12.5. **Continued Performance.** During any dispute resolution process,
both Parties shall continue to perform their respective obligations
under this Agreement to the extent practicable, except where the dispute
directly affects such obligations.

**13. GENERAL PROVISIONS**

13.1. **Independent Contractor.** The Contractor is an independent
contractor and not an employee, agent, joint venturer, or partner of the
Client. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed as
creating or establishing an employment relationship between the Client
and the Contractor or any of the Contractor\'s employees or
subcontractors.

13.2. **Force Majeure.** Neither Party shall be liable for any failure
or delay in performing its obligations under this Agreement (except for
payment obligations) if such failure or delay is due to events beyond
its reasonable control, including but not limited to acts of God,
natural disasters, epidemics, pandemics, fire, flood, earthquake,
explosion, war, terrorism, invasion, riot, civil unrest, strikes,
lockouts, labor disputes, law, order, regulation or restriction of any
government or governmental authority (\"Force Majeure Events\"). The
Party affected by a Force Majeure Event shall promptly notify the other
Party and use reasonable efforts to mitigate the impact of the Force
Majeure Event. If a Force Majeure Event continues for more than
\[NUMBER\] days, either Party may terminate this Agreement by written
notice to the other Party.

13.3. **Notice.** All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands,
waivers, and other communications under this Agreement shall be in
writing and shall be deemed to have been given:

\(a\) When delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt);

\(b\) When received by the addressee if sent by a nationally recognized
overnight courier (receipt requested);

\(c\) On the date sent by email (with confirmation of transmission) if
sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next
business day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient; or

\(d\) On the third day after the date mailed, by registered or certified
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid.

Such communications must be sent to the respective Parties at the
addresses set forth in the preamble to this Agreement (or to such other
address as may be designated by a Party from time to time in accordance
with this Section 13.3).

13.4. **Entire Agreement.** This Agreement, together with all exhibits
and schedules attached hereto, constitutes the entire agreement between
the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all
prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, negotiations, and
discussions, whether oral or written, between the Parties.

13.5. **Amendment and Modification.** This Agreement may only be
amended, modified, or supplemented by a written agreement signed by both
Parties.

13.6. **Waiver.** No waiver by either Party of any of the provisions of
this Agreement shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing
and signed by the waiving Party. No failure to exercise, or delay in
exercising, any right, remedy, power, or privilege arising from this
Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof, nor shall
any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power, or privilege
hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege.

13.7. **Severability.** If any term or provision of this Agreement is
invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity,
illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or
provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such
term or provision in any other jurisdiction.

13.8. **Assignment.** Neither Party may assign, transfer, or delegate
any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior
written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, however, that either Party
may assign this Agreement to an affiliate or to a successor in interest
in connection with a merger, acquisition, corporate reorganization, or
sale of all or substantially all of its assets related to this Agreement
without the other Party\'s consent. Any attempted assignment, transfer,
or delegation in violation of this Section shall be null and void.

13.9. **Successors and Assigns.** This Agreement shall be binding upon
and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective
permitted successors and assigns.

13.10. **No Third-Party Beneficiaries.** This Agreement is for the sole
benefit of the Parties and their respective permitted successors and
assigns, and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall
confer upon any other person or entity any legal or equitable right,
benefit, or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this
Agreement.

13.11. **Governing Law.** This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of India, without giving effect to
any choice or conflict of law provision or rule.

13.12. **Counterparts.** This Agreement may be executed in counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together
shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this
Agreement delivered by email or other electronic means shall be deemed
to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of
this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the
Effective Date.

**SKELSA PRIVATE LIMITED**

By: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Name:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Title:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

**\[CONTRACTOR NAME\]**

By: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Name:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Title:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
