---
title: Lease Deed
description: Detailed content for Lease Deed.
---

**LEASE DEED DRAFT**

**LEASE AGREEMENT**

THIS LEASE AGREEMENT (hereinafter referred to as the \"Agreement\") is
made and executed on this \_\_\_ day of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_, 2025 at
Bengaluru, Karnataka.

**BETWEEN**

**\[PROPERTY OWNER NAME\]**, aged about \_\_\_ years, having
his/her/their address at
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, Bengaluru,
Karnataka - \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, hereinafter referred to as the \"LESSOR\"
(which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the context or
meaning thereof, mean and include his/her/their heirs, executors,
administrators, legal representatives and assigns) of the ONE PART;

**AND**

**SKELSA PRIVATE LIMITED**, a company incorporated under the Companies
Act, 2013, having its registered office at
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, Bengaluru,
Karnataka - \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, represented by its authorized
signatory, **\[AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY NAME\]**, hereinafter referred to as
the \"LESSEE\" (which expression shall, unless it be repugnant to the
context or meaning thereof, mean and include its successors and
permitted assigns) of the OTHER PART.

The LESSOR and LESSEE are hereinafter individually referred to as a
\"Party\" and collectively as the \"Parties\".

**WHEREAS**

A. The LESSOR is the absolute and lawful owner of the property situated
at \[EXACT ADDRESS\], Bannerghatta, Bengaluru, Karnataka - \[PIN CODE\],
comprising of a building with six (6) floors in total, and is desirous
of leasing out certain portions of the said building.

B. The ground floor and first floor of the building are currently
occupied by Yousta, a clothing brand, under a separate lease agreement.

C. The LESSEE is engaged in the business of operating a biophilic
coworking space under the brand name \"Skelsa\" and is desirous of
taking on lease the Demised Premises (as defined hereinafter) for its
business operations.

D. The LESSOR has agreed to lease out, and the LESSEE has agreed to take
on lease, the Demised Premises on the terms and conditions set forth
hereinafter.

**NOW THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETH AS FOLLOWS:**

**1. DEMISED PREMISES**

1.1. The LESSOR hereby leases to the LESSEE, and the LESSEE hereby takes
on lease from the LESSOR, all those premises consisting of:

\(a\) 3rd, 4th, 5th, and 6th floors of the building situated at \[EXACT
ADDRESS\], Bannerghatta, Bengaluru, Karnataka - \[PIN CODE\], measuring
approximately 10,000 sq. ft. per floor with 40,000 sq. ft. in total
occupancy area (hereinafter referred to as the \"Primary Premises\");
and

\(b\) Private entrance exclusively for the LESSEE\'s use, leading to the
Primary Premises, including the lobby, staircase, and elevator access
from this entrance.

1.2. The Primary Premises, along with the private entrance, shall
collectively be referred to as the \"Demised Premises\".

1.3. The LESSOR and LESSEE mutually agree that the LESSEE shall have the
option to lease the terrace area measuring approximately 5,000 sq. ft.
(hereinafter referred to as the \"Terrace Area\") upon mutual agreement
between the Parties, subject to terms and conditions specified in Clause
19 of this Agreement.

**2. TERM AND RENEWAL**

2.1. The lease of the Demised Premises shall be for a period of five (5)
years, commencing from \_\_\_\_\_\_\_, 2025 (the \"Commencement Date\")
and ending on \_\_\_\_\_\_\_, 2030 (the \"Initial Term\").

2.2. The Initial Term shall have a lock-in period of thirty-six (36)
months from the Commencement Date (the \"Lock-in Period\"), during which
neither Party shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement except as
provided in Clause 15 of this Agreement.

2.3. The LESSEE shall have the option to renew this Agreement for two
(2) additional terms of five (5) years each, on the same terms and
conditions except for the Rent, which shall be increased as per Clause
4.4, by providing a written notice to the LESSOR at least six (6) months
prior to the expiry of the then-current term.

**3. POSSESSION**

3.1. The LESSOR shall deliver exclusive, vacant, and peaceful possession
of the Demised Premises to the LESSEE on the Commencement Date.

3.2. The LESSEE acknowledges that it has inspected the Demised Premises
and found the same to be suitable for its intended use.

3.3. The LESSOR shall ensure that the Demised Premises is delivered to
the LESSEE with:

\(a\) All structural elements in sound condition;

\(b\) Electrical, plumbing, and HVAC systems in proper working order;

\(c\) Floors capable of supporting the weight load requirements
specified in Clause 7.1.1; and

\(d\) Waterproofing and moisture barriers in good condition.

**4. RENT, SECURITY DEPOSIT, AND OTHER CHARGES**

4.1. **Rent**: In consideration of the lease of the Demised Premises,
the LESSEE shall pay to the LESSOR a monthly rent of INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(Indian Rupees \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Only) (the \"Rent\"), exclusive of
applicable taxes. The Rent shall be payable in advance on or before the
5th day of each calendar month.

4.2. **Security Deposit**: The LESSEE shall pay to the LESSOR an
interest-free, refundable security deposit of INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Indian
Rupees \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Only), equivalent to \_\_\_\_ months\' Rent (the
\"Security Deposit\"). The Security Deposit has been paid by the LESSEE
to the LESSOR simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement, the
receipt of which the LESSOR hereby acknowledges.

4.3. **Refund of Security Deposit**: The Security Deposit shall be
refunded by the LESSOR to the LESSEE, without interest, upon the expiry
or earlier termination of this Agreement, subject to deduction of any
arrears of Rent, maintenance charges, utility charges, damages to the
Demised Premises beyond normal wear and tear, or any other amounts due
and payable by the LESSEE under this Agreement.

4.4. **Rent Escalation**: The Rent shall be subject to an escalation of
five percent (5%) per annum on a compounding basis, with the first such
escalation being applicable on the first anniversary of the Commencement
Date.

4.5. **Maintenance Charges**: The LESSEE shall pay monthly maintenance
charges at the rate of INR \_\_\_\_\_ per sq. ft. (Indian Rupees
\_\_\_\_\_ per square foot only) to cover common area maintenance,
security, and other services provided by the LESSOR or the maintenance
agency appointed by the LESSOR.

4.6. **Utilities**: The LESSEE shall be responsible for payment of all
charges for electricity, water, internet, and other utilities consumed
in the Demised Premises, as per actual consumption, directly to the
respective service providers or to the LESSOR, as applicable.

4.7. **Separate Metering**: The LESSOR shall ensure that separate meters
are installed for electricity and water consumption in the Demised
Premises, distinct from other occupants of the building.

**5. TAXES AND OUTGOINGS**

5.1. The LESSOR shall be responsible for payment of property tax,
municipal tax, and other similar taxes and outgoings in respect of the
building in which the Demised Premises are situated.

5.2. The LESSEE shall be responsible for payment of Goods and Services
Tax (GST) and any other taxes applicable on the Rent and maintenance
charges.

5.3. The LESSEE shall be responsible for payment of all taxes, levies,
and charges related to its business operations carried out from the
Demised Premises.

**6. USE OF DEMISED PREMISES**

6.1. The LESSEE shall use the Demised Premises solely for the purpose of
operating a biophilic coworking space and related activities, including
but not limited to providing office spaces, meeting rooms, event spaces,
and virtual office services.

6.2. The LESSEE shall not use the Demised Premises for any illegal,
immoral, or unlawful purposes.

6.3. The LESSEE shall comply with all applicable laws, rules,
regulations, and guidelines in relation to the use of the Demised
Premises and conduct of its business operations.

6.4. **Operating Hours**:

\(a\) The LESSEE shall be entitled to operate its business in the
Demised Premises 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year;

\(b\) The LESSEE shall ensure proper security and access control during
non-business hours;

\(c\) For events or activities scheduled between 10:00 PM and 6:00 AM,
the LESSEE shall implement noise control measures to minimize
disturbance to other occupants of the building and neighboring
properties; and

\(d\) The LESSEE shall coordinate with Yousta and the LESSOR regarding
the operation of common building systems during extended hours.

**7. BIOPHILIC INSTALLATIONS AND ALTERATIONS**

7.1. **Biophilic Installations**:

7.1.1. **Weight Load Specifications**: The LESSOR hereby confirms and
the LESSEE acknowledges that:

\(a\) The 3rd floor can support a live load of up to \_\_\_\_\_ kg/sq.
m. for planter systems and biophilic elements;

\(b\) The 4th floor can support a live load of up to \_\_\_\_\_ kg/sq.
m. for planter systems and biophilic elements;

\(c\) The 5th floor can support a live load of up to \_\_\_\_\_ kg/sq.
m. for planter systems and biophilic elements; and

\(d\) The 6th floor can support a live load of up to \_\_\_\_\_ kg/sq.
m. for planter systems and biophilic elements.

7.1.2. The LESSOR hereby grants specific permission to the LESSEE to
install planter systems, living walls, and other biophilic elements
throughout the Demised Premises, subject to:

\(a\) All installations being carried out by qualified professionals in
accordance with applicable safety standards;

\(b\) Implementation of proper waterproofing and drainage systems to
prevent water damage;

\(c\) Regular maintenance to prevent any damage to the structure of the
building;

\(d\) Distribution of weight loads in accordance with the specifications
in Clause 7.1.1; and

\(e\) Submission of plans and specifications to the LESSOR for approval
prior to commencement of installation work, which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed.

7.1.3. **Irrigation Systems**:

\(a\) The LESSEE is permitted to install irrigation systems for the
biophilic elements, including automatic drip irrigation, misting
systems, and water recirculation systems;

\(b\) All irrigation systems shall include leak detection mechanisms,
automatic shut-off valves, and moisture sensors to prevent water damage;

\(c\) The LESSEE shall implement water collection trays under all
planters and living walls to prevent water seepage to floors below;

\(d\) The LESSEE shall be responsible for maintaining all irrigation
systems in good working order; and

\(e\) The LESSEE shall conduct quarterly inspections of all irrigation
systems and provide reports to the LESSOR.

7.1.4. **Humidity Control**:

\(a\) The LESSEE is permitted to install and operate humidity control
systems to maintain appropriate moisture levels for plant health;

\(b\) Such systems shall be designed to maintain humidity levels that
will not cause condensation on windows, walls, or structural elements;

\(c\) The LESSEE shall install moisture barriers on walls adjacent to
high-humidity areas; and

\(d\) The LESSEE shall conduct regular monitoring of humidity levels and
take corrective actions if excessive moisture is detected.

7.1.5. **Plant Maintenance Access**:

\(a\) The LESSEE is permitted to engage external vendors for plant
maintenance;

\(b\) Such vendors shall comply with the building\'s security protocols
and shall be accompanied by the LESSEE\'s staff when accessing sensitive
areas;

\(c\) Maintenance activities involving water or soil replacement shall
be conducted during non-peak hours to minimize disruption to other
occupants; and

\(d\) The LESSEE shall provide a list of authorized maintenance vendors
to the LESSOR and update it as necessary.

7.2. **Structural Alterations**: The LESSEE shall not make any
structural alterations or additions to the Demised Premises without the
prior written consent of the LESSOR, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any approved structural alterations
shall be carried out by the LESSEE at its own cost and expense, using
qualified professionals and in compliance with applicable building codes
and regulations.

7.3. **Non-Structural Alterations**: The LESSEE shall be entitled to
make non-structural alterations, decorations, and improvements to the
interior of the Demised Premises without the LESSOR\'s prior consent,
provided that such alterations do not affect the structural integrity of
the building or its permanent systems.

7.4. **Building Modifications for Biophilic Environment**:

7.4.1. **Ventilation Systems**:

\(a\) The LESSEE is permitted to modify and enhance the existing
ventilation systems to create optimal conditions for plant health and
indoor air quality;

\(b\) Such modifications may include installation of additional air
circulation fans, carbon dioxide sensors, and fresh air intake systems;

\(c\) All modifications shall be designed and installed by qualified
professionals in compliance with applicable building codes; and

\(d\) The LESSEE shall provide detailed plans of proposed ventilation
modifications to the LESSOR for review before implementation.

7.4.2. **Supplemental HVAC**:

\(a\) The LESSEE is permitted to install supplemental HVAC systems to
maintain appropriate temperature and humidity for plant health;

\(b\) Such systems shall be energy-efficient and shall not overload the
building\'s electrical capacity;

\(c\) The LESSEE shall be responsible for maintenance and repair of all
supplemental HVAC systems; and

\(d\) Installation of outdoor condensing units, if required, shall be
subject to the LESSOR\'s approval of location and mounting methods.

7.4.3. **Wall Reinforcement**:

\(a\) The LESSEE is permitted to reinforce walls for supporting living
wall systems;

\(b\) Reinforcement methods shall be non-invasive to the primary
building structure where possible;

\(c\) Where structural attachment is necessary, qualified structural
engineers shall certify the safety of the installation; and

\(d\) The LESSEE shall document all reinforcement work with photographs
and engineering reports.

7.4.4. **Floor Drainage**:

\(a\) The LESSEE is permitted to install additional floor drains in
appropriate locations to manage water from irrigation systems;

\(b\) All drainage installations shall be performed by licensed plumbers
in compliance with applicable codes;

\(c\) Drainage shall connect to the building\'s existing wastewater
system in a manner approved by the LESSOR; and

\(d\) The LESSEE shall implement filters to prevent soil, plant matter,
and other debris from entering the building\'s plumbing system.

7.5. **Fixtures and Fittings**: The LESSEE shall be entitled to install
fixtures, fittings, furniture, equipment, and other items necessary for
its business operations. All such items installed by the LESSEE shall
remain the property of the LESSEE and may be removed by the LESSEE upon
the expiry or earlier termination of this Agreement, provided that any
damage caused to the Demised Premises during such removal is repaired by
the LESSEE at its own cost.

7.6. **Restoration**: Upon the expiry or earlier termination of this
Agreement, the LESSEE shall, at the LESSOR\'s option, either:

\(a\) Restore the Demised Premises to its original condition (subject to
normal wear and tear), removing all alterations, improvements, fixtures,
and fittings; or

\(b\) Leave the alterations and improvements in place, provided they
were made with the LESSOR\'s consent.

**8. PRIVATE ENTRANCE EXCLUSIVITY**

8.1. **Exclusive Access Rights**:

\(a\) The LESSEE shall have exclusive use of the designated private
entrance to the Demised Premises, including the lobby, staircase,
elevator, and access corridors serving the 3rd, 4th, 5th, and 6th
floors;

\(b\) The LESSOR shall not grant access rights to the private entrance
to any other tenant, occupant, or third party without the LESSEE\'s
prior written consent;

\(c\) The LESSEE shall be entitled to install access control systems,
including electronic card readers, biometric systems, and security
cameras at the private entrance; and

\(d\) The LESSEE shall be responsible for security and maintenance of
the private entrance area.

8.2. **Signage Rights**:

\(a\) The LESSEE shall be entitled to install prominent signage
displaying the \"Skelsa\" brand name and logo at the private entrance;

\(b\) Such signage may include illuminated signs, digital displays, and
directional signage;

\(c\) The design, size, and location of such signage shall be subject to
the LESSOR\'s approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld; and

\(d\) The LESSEE shall be responsible for obtaining any necessary
permissions or approvals from local authorities for external signage.

8.3. **Visitor Management**:

\(a\) The LESSEE shall be entitled to establish and manage its own
visitor management system at the private entrance;

\(b\) Such system may include reception desk, visitor registration,
temporary access badges, and security personnel; and

\(c\) The LESSEE shall maintain appropriate security protocols for
visitor access to ensure the safety and security of the building.

**9. RELATIONSHIP WITH YOUSTA**

9.1. **Shared Building Systems**:

\(a\) The LESSOR confirms that the following building systems are shared
between the LESSEE and Yousta:

\(i\) Main electrical supply up to the distribution panels;

\(ii\) Water supply up to the point of separate metering;

\(iii\) Fire detection and suppression systems;

\(iv\) Building management system for common areas; and

\(v\) External security and surveillance systems.

\(b\) The LESSOR shall be responsible for the maintenance and proper
functioning of all shared building systems;

\(c\) The cost of maintenance and repair of shared building systems
shall be allocated between the LESSEE and Yousta in proportion to their
respective occupancy areas; and

\(d\) The LESSOR shall ensure that any maintenance or repair work on
shared building systems is scheduled to minimize disruption to the
LESSEE\'s business operations.

9.2. **Common Area Usage**:

\(a\) The following areas of the building shall be designated as common
areas:

\(i\) External landscaping and parking areas;

\(ii\) Main building entrance and lobby (separate from the LESSEE\'s
private entrance);

\(iii\) Service areas for deliveries and waste disposal; and

\(iv\) Utility rooms housing shared building systems.

\(b\) The LESSEE shall have non-exclusive use of the common areas,
shared with Yousta and any other occupants of the building;

\(c\) The LESSOR shall maintain the common areas in good condition and
ensure they are accessible to the LESSEE and its members, clients, and
visitors at all times; and

\(d\) Any disputes regarding common area usage shall be resolved by the
LESSOR in a fair and equitable manner.

9.3. **Demarcation of Exclusive Areas**:

\(a\) The LESSOR confirms that:

\(i\) Yousta\'s exclusive areas comprise the ground floor and first
floor of the building;

\(ii\) The LESSEE\'s exclusive areas comprise the 3rd, 4th, 5th, and 6th
floors, and the private entrance as described in Clause 8; and

\(iii\) The 2nd floor of the building is currently \[unoccupied/used for
\_\_\_\_\_\_\].

\(b\) The LESSOR shall ensure that clear signage and access controls are
in place to maintain the exclusivity of each tenant\'s designated areas;
and

\(c\) Neither tenant shall interfere with the other\'s exclusive use of
their designated areas.

9.4. **Coordination for Security and Access**:

\(a\) The LESSOR shall facilitate coordination between the LESSEE and
Yousta regarding:

\(i\) Security protocols for the building;

\(ii\) Emergency evacuation procedures;

\(iii\) Access control for service providers; and

\(iv\) Scheduling of deliveries and waste collection.

\(b\) The LESSEE and Yousta shall each designate a representative to
participate in quarterly coordination meetings organized by the LESSOR;
and

\(c\) The LESSOR shall promptly address any conflicts or issues that may
arise between the tenants regarding security and access matters.

**10. VIRTUAL OFFICE OPERATIONS**

10.1. **Virtual Office Client Capacity**:

\(a\) The LESSEE is permitted to provide virtual office services to up
to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ clients at any given time;

\(b\) Such services may include use of the Demised Premises address for
company registration, GST registration, correspondence, and other
business purposes;

\(c\) The LESSEE shall maintain a register of all virtual office clients
and provide quarterly updates to the LESSOR; and

\(d\) The LESSEE shall ensure that all virtual office clients comply
with applicable laws and regulations and do not engage in any illegal or
prohibited activities.

10.2. **Client Signage Display**:

\(a\) The LESSEE is permitted to display the names of its virtual office
clients in the following manner:

\(i\) Digital directory at the private entrance lobby;

\(ii\) Physical directory board at designated locations within the
Demised Premises;

\(iii\) Temporary signage during GST or other regulatory inspections;
and

\(iv\) Company boards for registered office address requirements.

\(b\) The design and placement of such displays shall be tasteful and
professional, consistent with the LESSEE\'s biophilic design concept;
and

\(c\) The LESSEE shall ensure that client signage does not create
confusion regarding the primary occupant of the Demised Premises.

10.3. **Mail and Package Handling**:

\(a\) The LESSEE is expressly permitted to receive, sort, store, and
forward mail and packages for its virtual office clients;

\(b\) The LESSEE may establish a dedicated mail room within the Demised
Premises for this purpose;

\(c\) The LESSEE may arrange for courier and postal services to deliver
directly to the Demised Premises; and

\(d\) The LESSEE shall implement appropriate security and privacy
measures for handling client mail and packages.

10.4. **GST and Business Registration Rights**:

\(a\) The LESSOR expressly acknowledges and agrees that:

\(i\) The LESSEE\'s virtual office clients may use the address of the
Demised Premises for company registration under the Companies Act, 2013,
or any other applicable business registration statute;

\(ii\) The LESSEE\'s virtual office clients may use the address of the
Demised Premises for GST registration and as an Additional Place of
Business (APOB) or Principal Place of Business (PPOB);

\(iii\) The LESSEE\'s virtual office clients may use the address of the
Demised Premises on their business cards, letterheads, websites, and
other business communications; and

\(iv\) Government officials, tax authorities, and other regulatory
bodies may conduct inspections at the Demised Premises in relation to
the LESSEE\'s virtual office clients.

\(b\) The LESSOR shall provide all necessary documentation and
no-objection certificates required for such registrations; and

\(c\) The LESSEE shall ensure proper representation during any official
inspections related to its virtual office clients.

**11. MAINTENANCE AND REPAIRS**

11.1. **LESSOR\'s Obligations**: The LESSOR shall be responsible for:

\(a\) Structural repairs to the building, including the roof, exterior
walls, foundations, and structural supports;

\(b\) Repairs to common areas and facilities, including elevators,
staircases, and common electrical, plumbing, and HVAC systems;

\(c\) Maintaining the exterior of the building in good condition; and

\(d\) Ensuring that all building systems are in proper working order.

11.2. **LESSEE\'s Obligations**: The LESSEE shall be responsible for:

\(a\) Regular maintenance and minor repairs to the interior of the
Demised Premises;

\(b\) Maintenance and repairs of all biophilic installations;

\(c\) Keeping the Demised Premises in a clean, tidy, and sanitary
condition; and

\(d\) Promptly reporting to the LESSOR any damage or defects that are
the LESSOR\'s responsibility to repair.

11.3. **Urgent Repairs**: In case of any urgent repairs that are the
LESSOR\'s responsibility, if the LESSOR fails to commence such repairs
within a reasonable time after notice from the LESSEE, the LESSEE may
undertake such repairs and deduct the reasonable cost thereof from the
Rent payable to the LESSOR.

**12. ENVIRONMENTAL COMMITMENTS**

12.1. **Water Conservation**:

\(a\) The LESSEE shall implement water conservation measures, including:

\(i\) Water-efficient fixtures in restrooms and pantry areas;

\(ii\) Rainwater harvesting systems where feasible;

\(iii\) Greywater recycling for irrigation of plants; and

\(iv\) Water usage monitoring and leak detection systems.

\(b\) The LESSEE shall maintain records of water usage and conservation
efforts and shall provide quarterly reports to the LESSOR; and

\(c\) The LESSEE shall establish water usage reduction targets and work
towards achieving them throughout the term of this Agreement.

12.2. **Energy Efficiency**:

\(a\) The LESSEE shall implement energy efficiency measures, including:

\(i\) LED lighting throughout the Demised Premises;

\(ii\) Motion sensors and smart controls for lighting and HVAC systems;

\(iii\) Energy-efficient appliances and equipment; and

\(iv\) Energy usage monitoring and optimization systems.

\(b\) The LESSEE shall maintain records of energy usage and efficiency
improvements and shall provide quarterly reports to the LESSOR; and

\(c\) The LESSEE shall establish energy usage reduction targets and work
towards achieving them throughout the term of this Agreement.

12.3. **Plant Material Waste Management**:

\(a\) The LESSEE shall implement proper waste management for plant
materials, including:

\(i\) On-site composting facilities for plant trimmings and organic
waste;

\(ii\) Segregation of plant waste from general waste;

\(iii\) Environmentally responsible disposal of any diseased plant
material; and

\(iv\) Recycling or repurposing of planting containers and gardening
supplies.

\(b\) The LESSEE shall ensure that plant waste does not create odors or
pest issues within the building; and

\(c\) The LESSEE shall maintain records of plant waste management
practices and shall provide quarterly reports to the LESSOR.

12.4. **Sustainable Practices Agreement**:

\(a\) The LESSEE shall develop and implement a Sustainable Practices
Policy for its operations in the Demised Premises, addressing:

\(i\) Sustainable procurement of supplies and materials;

\(ii\) Waste reduction and recycling programs;

\(iii\) Carbon footprint reduction strategies; and

\(iv\) Member education and engagement in sustainability initiatives.

\(b\) The LESSEE shall share this policy with the LESSOR and provide
annual reports on its implementation; and

\(c\) The LESSOR and LESSEE shall collaborate on building-wide
sustainability initiatives where feasible.

**13. INSURANCE**

13.1. The LESSOR shall maintain adequate insurance coverage for the
building in which the Demised Premises are situated against fire,
natural disasters, and other perils.

13.2. The LESSEE shall maintain:

\(a\) Comprehensive general liability insurance covering the Demised
Premises and its business operations;

\(b\) Insurance for all biophilic installations and other
alterations/improvements made by the LESSEE;

\(c\) Insurance for the LESSEE\'s fixtures, fittings, furniture,
equipment, and other property within the Demised Premises; and

\(d\) Any other insurance required by law or reasonably required for the
LESSEE\'s business operations.

13.3. The LESSEE shall provide copies of insurance policies to the
LESSOR upon request and shall ensure that such policies remain in force
throughout the term of this Agreement.

13.4. **Specialized Biophilic Insurance**:

\(a\) The LESSEE shall maintain specialized insurance coverage for:

\(i\) Water damage related to irrigation systems and plant
installations;

\(ii\) Damage to building structure caused by weight or moisture from
biophilic elements;

\(iii\) Third-party liability related specifically to biophilic
installations; and

\(iv\) Business interruption due to failure of specialized systems
supporting biophilic elements.

\(b\) Such specialized insurance shall have coverage limits of at least
INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Indian Rupees \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Only); and

\(c\) The LESSEE shall provide copies of these specialized insurance
policies to the LESSOR annually.

**14. ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING**

14.1. The LESSEE shall not, without the prior written consent of the
LESSOR, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed:

\(a\) Assign, transfer, or otherwise dispose of its rights and
obligations under this Agreement; or

\(b\) Sublet, license, or part with possession of the whole or any part
of the Demised Premises.

14.2. Notwithstanding Clause 14.1, the LESSEE shall be entitled to:

\(a\) Provide coworking spaces, private offices, meeting rooms, and
event spaces to its members and clients on short-term or long-term basis
as part of its regular business operations;

\(b\) Provide virtual office services, including allowing its clients to
use the address of the Demised Premises for company registration, GST
registration, and other official purposes; and

\(c\) Assign or transfer its rights and obligations under this Agreement
to its parent company, subsidiary, or affiliate, provided that the
LESSEE shall remain jointly and severally liable for the performance of
all obligations under this Agreement.

**15. MARKETING RIGHTS**

15.1. **Building Exterior for Promotional Photography**:

\(a\) The LESSEE is granted the right to use the exterior of the
building for promotional photography and videography, subject to:

\(i\) Providing at least 48 hours\' notice to the LESSOR and Yousta;

\(ii\) Conducting such activities during reasonable hours to minimize
disruption;

\(iii\) Not interfering with Yousta\'s business operations or signage
during such photography; and

\(iv\) Obtaining necessary permits from local authorities if required
for commercial photography in public areas.

\(b\) The LESSEE may use such images and videos in its marketing
materials, website, social media, and other promotional channels; and

\(c\) The LESSEE shall provide copies of such promotional materials to
the LESSOR upon request.

15.2. **Exterior Signage Rights**:

\(a\) The LESSEE is granted the right to install exterior signage as
follows:

\(i\) Primary building signage displaying the \"Skelsa\" name and logo
at the private entrance;

\(ii\) Façade signage on the portions of the building corresponding to
the LESSEE\'s occupied floors;

\(iii\) Directional signage leading to the private entrance; and

\(iv\) Temporary banners or displays for special events.

\(b\) All exterior signage shall comply with local regulations and
building aesthetic guidelines;

\(c\) The design, size, and placement of exterior signage shall be
subject to the LESSOR\'s approval, which shall not be unreasonably
withheld; and

\(d\) The LESSEE shall be responsible for obtaining any necessary
permits or approvals from local authorities for such signage.

15.3. **Building Naming Rights Considerations**:

\(a\) The Parties acknowledge that the building is currently known as
\"\[CURRENT BUILDING NAME\]\";

\(b\) The LESSEE shall have the right to request co-naming of the
building (e.g., \"Skelsa Tower at \[CURRENT BUILDING NAME\]\") after
completing 24 months of tenancy, subject to:

\(i\) Written approval from the LESSOR;

\(ii\) Consultation with Yousta; and

\(iii\) Payment of a building naming rights fee to be mutually agreed
upon.

\(c\) Any approved building co-naming shall be reflected in appropriate
signage and building directories; and

\(d\) The LESSEE shall bear all costs associated with implementing any
approved building co-naming, including new signage, directory updates,
and notifications to relevant authorities.

**16. FUTURE EXPANSION RIGHTS**

16.1. **Right of First Refusal for Additional Space**:

\(a\) If at any time during the term of this Agreement, any additional
floor space in the building becomes available for lease (including but
not limited to the 2nd floor or any space currently occupied by Yousta),
the LESSOR shall offer such space to the LESSEE before offering it to
any third party;

\(b\) The LESSOR shall notify the LESSEE in writing of such
availability, including the size, location, and proposed commercial
terms;

\(c\) The LESSEE shall have thirty (30) days from receipt of such notice
to express interest in leasing the additional space; and

\(d\) If the LESSEE expresses interest, the Parties shall negotiate in
good faith the terms for leasing such additional space, and if agreed,
shall execute an addendum to this Agreement or a separate lease
agreement for the additional space.

16.2. **Yousta Space Reduction Framework**:

\(a\) If at any time during the term of this Agreement, Yousta reduces
its occupancy in the building, the LESSOR shall:

\(i\) Promptly notify the LESSEE of such reduction;

\(ii\) Offer the vacated space to the LESSEE on terms no less favorable
than those offered to any third party; and

\(iii\) Provide the LESSEE with at least fifteen (15) days to consider
the offer before approaching any third party.

\(b\) If the LESSEE accepts the offer to lease the vacated space, the
Parties shall amend this Agreement or execute a separate lease agreement
for the additional space, as mutually agreed; and

\(c\) The LESSOR shall facilitate a smooth transition and integration of
the additional space into the LESSEE\'s operations.

16.3. **Adjacent Property Acquisition Rights**:

\(a\) If at any time during the term of this Agreement, the LESSOR
acquires or develops any property adjacent to the building, the LESSOR
shall:

\(i\) Notify the LESSEE of such acquisition or development;

\(ii\) Consider the LESSEE\'s needs for expansion in the planning and
development of such property; and

\(iii\) Offer the LESSEE rights to lease space in such adjacent property
on terms no less favorable than those offered to any third party.

\(b\) If the LESSEE expresses interest in leasing space in the adjacent
property, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith the terms for such
lease; and

\(c\) The LESSOR shall, where feasible, facilitate physical connections
between the Demised Premises and any leased space in the adjacent
property.

**17. LESSOR\'S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES**

17.1. The LESSOR represents and warrants to the LESSEE that:

\(a\) The LESSOR is the absolute and lawful owner of the building in
which the Demised Premises are situated and has full right, power, and
authority to lease the Demised Premises to the LESSEE;

\(b\) The Demised Premises are free from all encumbrances, mortgages,
charges, liens, attachments, claims, or demands that would prevent the
LESSOR from leasing the Demised Premises to the LESSEE or the LESSEE
from peaceably holding and enjoying the Demised Premises;

\(c\) All necessary approvals, permissions, and clearances for using the
Demised Premises for commercial purposes have been obtained;

\(d\) The building in which the Demised Premises are situated has been
constructed in accordance with approved building plans and complies with
all applicable building codes, regulations, and bye-laws; and

\(e\) All structural components, electrical systems, plumbing systems,
and other permanent building systems in the Demised Premises are in good
working order and condition.

**18. LESSEE\'S COVENANTS**

18.1. The LESSEE covenants with the LESSOR that the LESSEE shall:

\(a\) Pay the Rent, maintenance charges, utility charges, and other
amounts payable under this Agreement on or before the due dates;

\(b\) Use the Demised Premises in a tenant-like manner and in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement;

\(c\) Comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, and
guidelines in relation to the use of the Demised Premises and conduct of
its business operations;

\(d\) Allow the LESSOR or its authorized representatives to enter and
inspect the Demised Premises during reasonable hours after giving prior
notice, except in case of emergency when no prior notice shall be
required;

\(e\) Not cause or permit any nuisance or disturbance to other occupants
of the building or neighboring properties; and

\(f\) Implement and maintain proper safety and security measures for the
Demised Premises and its biophilic installations.

**19. TERRACE DEVELOPMENT PLAN**

19.1. **Green Shoe Option Triggers**:

\(a\) The LESSEE may exercise its option to lease the Terrace Area upon
the occurrence of any of the following events:

\(i\) The LESSEE achieving at least 85% occupancy of the Primary
Premises for three (3) consecutive months;

\(ii\) The LESSEE requiring additional space for specific client needs
that cannot be accommodated within the Primary Premises;

\(iii\) The LESSEE launching new service offerings that require outdoor
space; or

\(iv\) After completion of twenty-four (24) months from the Commencement
Date, regardless of occupancy levels.

\(b\) The LESSEE shall notify the LESSOR in writing of its intent to
exercise the green shoe option, specifying which trigger event has
occurred; and

\(c\) The Parties shall execute an addendum to this Agreement within
thirty (30) days of such notification, incorporating the Terrace Area
into the Demised Premises.

19.2. **Pre-Approved Terrace Uses**:

\(a\) The LESSOR hereby pre-approves the following uses for the Terrace
Area:

\(i\) Open-air coworking space with appropriate furniture and shade
structures;

\(ii\) Rooftop garden with plantings, walkways, and seating areas;

\(iii\) Event space for member gatherings, workshops, and networking
events;

\(iv\) Outdoor meeting areas with appropriate weather protection;

\(v\) Wellness areas for yoga, meditation, or similar activities; and

\(vi\) Dining or café area for members.

\(b\) Any uses not specifically pre-approved shall require written
approval from the LESSOR, which shall not be unreasonably withheld; and

\(c\) All uses shall comply with applicable building codes, safety
regulations, and local ordinances.

19.3. **Structural Assessment Requirements**:

\(a\) Prior to commencing any development of the Terrace Area, the
LESSEE shall:

\(i\) Engage a certified structural engineer to assess the load-bearing
capacity of the roof structure;

\(ii\) Obtain a detailed structural assessment report with specific
recommendations for safe loading limits;

\(iii\) Develop a terrace layout plan that complies with the structural
engineer\'s recommendations; and

\(iv\) Submit the structural assessment report and layout plan to the
LESSOR for review and approval.

\(b\) The LESSOR shall review the submitted documents and provide
approval or specific objections within fifteen (15) days of receipt; and

\(c\) The LESSEE shall not commence any development of the Terrace Area
until receiving the LESSOR\'s written approval.

19.4. **Security Measures for Roof Access**:

\(a\) The LESSEE shall implement the following security measures for the
Terrace Area:

\(i\) Controlled access system limiting entry to authorized persons
only;

\(ii\) Security cameras covering all access points and the Terrace Area;

\(iii\) Adequate lighting for safety during evening hours;

\(iv\) Safety railings or barriers meeting or exceeding building code
requirements;

\(v\) Clearly marked emergency exits and evacuation routes; and

\(vi\) Weather monitoring system with alerts for severe conditions.

\(b\) The LESSEE shall establish clear protocols for terrace closure
during inclement weather or high wind conditions; and

\(c\) The LESSEE shall conduct quarterly safety inspections of the
Terrace Area and provide reports to the LESSOR.

**20. LESSOR\'S COVENANTS**

20.1. The LESSOR covenants with the LESSEE that:

\(a\) The LESSEE, upon paying the Rent and performing all its
obligations under this Agreement, shall peaceably hold and enjoy the
Demised Premises during the term of this Agreement without any
interruption, interference, or disturbance by the LESSOR or any person
claiming through or under the LESSOR;

\(b\) The LESSOR shall provide all necessary support and documentation
required by the LESSEE for obtaining licenses, permits, and
registrations for its business operations;

\(c\) The LESSOR shall issue No Objection Certificates (NOCs) as
required by the LESSEE for: (i) Company registration; (ii) GST
registration; (iii) Trade license; (iv) Shops and Establishments
registration; (v) Virtual office services; and (vi) Other statutory
compliances.

\(d\) The LESSOR shall provide necessary documentation and support to
the LESSEE\'s clients who use the address of the Demised Premises as
their registered office or for GST registration purposes, as part of the
LESSEE\'s virtual office services; and

\(e\) The LESSOR shall maintain the common areas and facilities of the
building in good condition and provide adequate security, power backup,
and other essential services.

**21. INDEMNITY**

21.1. The LESSEE shall indemnify and hold harmless the LESSOR against
all claims, demands, actions, proceedings, costs, expenses, and
liabilities arising from:

\(a\) The LESSEE\'s use and occupation of the Demised Premises;

\(b\) Any breach of the LESSEE\'s obligations under this Agreement;

\(c\) Any act, omission, or negligence of the LESSEE, its employees,
agents, contractors, members, or visitors; and

\(d\) Any damage to the Demised Premises or the building caused by the
LESSEE\'s biophilic installations or other alterations.

21.2. The LESSOR shall indemnify and hold harmless the LESSEE against
all claims, demands, actions, proceedings, costs, expenses, and
liabilities arising from:

\(a\) Any breach of the LESSOR\'s representations, warranties, or
obligations under this Agreement;

\(b\) Any structural defects in the building or the Demised Premises;
and

\(c\) Any act, omission, or negligence of the LESSOR, its employees,
agents, or contractors.

**22. TERMINATION**

22.1. **Termination by LESSOR**: The LESSOR may terminate this Agreement
by giving six (6) months\' written notice to the LESSEE in the event of:

\(a\) Non-payment of Rent, maintenance charges, or other amounts payable
under this Agreement for a period exceeding sixty (60) days despite
written notice from the LESSOR;

\(b\) Material breach of any term of this Agreement by the LESSEE, which
breach is not remedied within thirty (30) days of written notice from
the LESSOR;

\(c\) The LESSEE becoming insolvent, bankrupt, or entering into
liquidation or receivership; or

\(d\) The LESSEE using the Demised Premises for any illegal, immoral, or
unlawful purpose.

22.2. **Termination by LESSEE**: The LESSEE may terminate this Agreement
by giving six (6) months\' written notice to the LESSOR in the event of:

\(a\) Material breach of any term of this Agreement by the LESSOR, which
breach is not remedied within thirty (30) days of written notice from
the LESSEE;

\(b\) The Demised Premises becoming unfit for the LESSEE\'s business
operations due to structural defects, damage, or destruction not caused
by the LESSEE; or

\(c\) Any action or inaction by the LESSOR that substantially interferes
with the LESSEE\'s peaceful enjoyment of the Demised Premises.

22.3. **Termination after Lock-in Period**: After the expiry of the
Lock-in Period, either Party may terminate this Agreement without cause
by giving six (6) months\' written notice to the other Party.

22.4. **Consequences of Termination**: Upon the expiry or earlier
termination of this Agreement:

\(a\) The LESSEE shall vacate and deliver possession of the Demised
Premises to the LESSOR in good condition, subject to normal wear and
tear;

\(b\) The LESSEE shall remove all its fixtures, fittings, furniture,
equipment, and other property from the Demised Premises;

\(c\) The LESSEE shall, at the LESSOR\'s option, either restore the
Demised Premises to its original condition or leave the alterations and
improvements in place;

\(d\) The LESSOR shall refund the Security Deposit to the LESSEE,
subject to deductions as provided in Clause 4.3; and

\(e\) The Parties shall settle all outstanding amounts payable under
this Agreement.

**23. FORCE MAJEURE**

23.1. Neither Party shall be liable for any failure or delay in
performing its obligations under this Agreement due to events beyond its
reasonable control, including but not limited to acts of God, natural
disasters, war, civil unrest, terrorist attacks, government actions,
epidemics, or pandemics (\"Force Majeure Events\").

23.2. The Party affected by a Force Majeure Event shall promptly notify
the other Party of the occurrence of such event and shall use reasonable
efforts to mitigate its effects.

23.3. If a Force Majeure Event continues for a period exceeding ninety
(90) days, either Party may terminate this Agreement by giving written
notice to the other Party, without liability for such termination.

**24. NOTICES**

24.1. All notices, requests, demands, and other communications under
this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly
given if delivered:

\(a\) By hand delivery, against acknowledgment;

\(b\) By registered or certified mail, return receipt requested;

\(c\) By reputed courier service; or

\(d\) By email, with delivery confirmation.

24.2. Notices shall be addressed to:

**For the LESSOR:** \[LESSOR\'S NAME\] \[ADDRESS\] Email: \[EMAIL\]
Phone: \[PHONE\]

**For the LESSEE:** Skelsa Private Limited \[ADDRESS\] Email: \[EMAIL\]
Phone: \[PHONE\]

24.3. Either Party may change its address for notices by giving written
notice to the other Party.

**25. MISCELLANEOUS**

25.1. **Entire Agreement**: This Agreement constitutes the entire
agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof
and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, negotiations, and
discussions, whether oral or written.

25.2. **Amendment**: No amendment, modification, or waiver of any
provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and
signed by both Parties.

25.3. **Severability**: If any provision of this Agreement is held
invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and
enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be
affected or impaired.

25.4. **Waiver**: No waiver of any breach of any provision of this
Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any prior, concurrent, or
subsequent breach of the same or any other provision hereof, and no
waiver shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by the
waiving Party.

25.5. **Relationship of Parties**: Nothing in this Agreement shall be
construed to create a partnership, joint venture, agency, or employment
relationship between the Parties.

25.6. **Governing Law**: This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of India.

25.7. **Dispute Resolution**: Any dispute arising out of or in
connection with this Agreement shall be resolved through amicable
negotiations between the Parties. If the dispute cannot be resolved
through negotiations within thirty (30) days, it shall be referred to
arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration and Conciliation Act,
1996. The arbitration shall be conducted by a sole arbitrator mutually
appointed by the Parties. The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted
in English language and the venue of arbitration shall be Bengaluru,
Karnataka.

25.8. **Registration**: This Agreement shall be registered with the
appropriate Sub-Registrar of Assurances, and the cost of registration,
including stamp duty, registration charges, and other expenses, shall be
borne equally by both Parties.

25.9. **Counterparts**: This Agreement may be executed in counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on the day
and year first above written.

**SIGNED AND DELIVERED** by the within named LESSOR \[LESSOR\'S NAME\]
in the presence of: Witness 1: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
Witness 2: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

**SIGNED AND DELIVERED** for and on behalf of the within named LESSEE
SKELSA PRIVATE LIMITED by its Authorized Signatory \[AUTHORIZED
SIGNATORY NAME\] in the presence of: Witness 1:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Witness 2:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

**SCHEDULE OF PROPERTY**

All those premises consisting of 3rd, 4th, 5th, and 6th floors of the
building situated at \[EXACT ADDRESS\], Bannerghatta, Bengaluru,
Karnataka - \[PIN CODE\], measuring approximately 10,000 sq. ft. per
floor with 40,000 sq. ft. in total occupancy area, along with a private
entrance, bounded as follows:

North: \[DESCRIPTION\] South: \[DESCRIPTION\] East: \[DESCRIPTION\]
West: \[DESCRIPTION\]
