---
title: Letter Of Intent
description: Detailed content for Letter Of Intent.
---

**LETTER OF INTENT TEMPLATE**

**\[SENDER\'S LETTERHEAD\]**

\[DATE\]

\[RECIPIENT NAME\] \[RECIPIENT TITLE\] \[RECIPIENT COMPANY\] \[ADDRESS\]
\[CITY, STATE/REGION, ZIP/POSTAL CODE\] \[COUNTRY\]

**Re: Letter of Intent for \[SPECIFY TRANSACTION TYPE\]**

Dear \[RECIPIENT NAME\],

This Letter of Intent (\"LOI\") outlines the principal terms and
conditions under which \[SENDER COMPANY NAME\] (\"Sender\") proposes to
\[DESCRIBE TRANSACTION\] with/from \[RECIPIENT COMPANY NAME\]
(\"Recipient\"). This LOI is intended to serve as a framework for
further discussions and negotiations leading to a definitive agreement
between the parties.

**1. TRANSACTION OVERVIEW**

**Nature of Transaction:** \[Describe the proposed transaction in
detail, e.g., lease of property, investment in business, acquisition of
assets, franchise agreement, strategic partnership, etc.\]

**Subject Matter:** \[Describe the specific property, business, assets,
or relationship that is the subject of the transaction\]

For a lease transaction:

-   Property: \[ADDRESS, FLOOR, AREA\], measuring approximately \[AREA\]
    square feet of premium biophilic coworking space

-   Term: \[NUMBER\] years with \[RENEWAL OPTIONS\]

-   Commencement Date: \[DATE\] or \[TIMEFRAME\]

-   Permitted Use: Operation of Skelsa biophilic coworking space and
    related activities

For an investment/acquisition transaction:

-   Business: Skelsa\'s premium biophilic coworking space operation at
    \[LOCATION\]

-   Valuation: \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\]

-   Ownership Percentage: \[PERCENTAGE\]%

-   Structure: \[EQUITY INVESTMENT/ASSET PURCHASE/SHARE PURCHASE\]

For a franchise/partnership transaction:

-   Territory: \[GEOGRAPHIC AREA\]

-   Business Model: Skelsa biophilic coworking space franchise

-   Term: \[NUMBER\] years with \[RENEWAL OPTIONS\]

-   Exclusivity: \[EXCLUSIVE/NON-EXCLUSIVE\] rights

**2. FINANCIAL TERMS**

For a lease transaction:

-   Base Rent: \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\] per square foot per
    \[MONTH/YEAR\]

-   Escalation: \[PERCENTAGE\]% annual increase

-   Security Deposit: \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\]

-   Tenant Improvements: \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\] or \[DESCRIPTION\]

-   Rent Commencement: \[DATE\] or \[TIMEFRAME, e.g., 3 months after
    possession\]

-   Common Area Maintenance: \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\] or \[CALCULATION
    METHOD\]

For an investment/acquisition transaction:

-   Purchase Price/Investment Amount: \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\]

-   Payment Terms: \[CASH/SHARES/EARN-OUT/COMBINATION\]

-   Closing Date: \[DATE\] or \[TIMEFRAME\]

-   Escrow Amount: \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\] or \[PERCENTAGE\]% of
    Purchase Price

-   Financing Contingency: \[YES/NO\]

-   Earnest Money Deposit: \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\]

For a franchise/partnership transaction:

-   Initial Fee: \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\]

-   Ongoing Royalties: \[PERCENTAGE\]% of gross revenue

-   Marketing Contribution: \[PERCENTAGE\]% of gross revenue

-   Initial Investment Range: \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\] to \[CURRENCY\]
    \[AMOUNT\]

-   Projected Breakeven: \[NUMBER\] months

-   Technology Fee: \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\] per \[MONTH/YEAR\]

**3. SPECIAL PROVISIONS FOR BIOPHILIC ELEMENTS**

-   **Design Standards:** The biophilic design elements shall comply
    with Skelsa\'s established standards for plant selection, density,
    maintenance, and integration with workspace design.

-   **Plant Installation:** The \[SENDER/RECIPIENT\] shall be
    responsible for the initial installation of all biophilic elements,
    including living walls, planters, water features, and natural
    materials.

-   **Maintenance Responsibilities:** \[SENDER/RECIPIENT\] shall be
    responsible for the ongoing maintenance of all biophilic elements,
    including watering, pruning, pest control, and replacement of
    unhealthy plants.

-   **Irrigation Systems:** Appropriate irrigation and drainage systems
    shall be installed to support plant health while protecting the
    building structure.

-   **Environmental Controls:** The premises shall maintain appropriate
    temperature, humidity, and lighting conditions to support plant
    health.

-   **Biophilic Design Modifications:** Any modifications to the
    established biophilic design shall require prior written approval
    from \[SENDER/RECIPIENT\].

**4. DUE DILIGENCE**

-   **Due Diligence Period:** \[NUMBER\] days from the execution of this
    LOI

-   **Access for Inspection:** \[SENDER/RECIPIENT\] shall have
    reasonable access to inspect the premises/business/assets during
    normal business hours

-   **Documentation Required:** \[LIST REQUIRED DOCUMENTS\]

-   **Confidentiality:** All information provided during due diligence
    shall be subject to the confidentiality provisions in this LOI

**5. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT**

The consummation of the proposed transaction is subject to the
satisfaction of the following conditions:

1.  Satisfactory completion of due diligence by \[SENDER/RECIPIENT\]

2.  Negotiation and execution of a definitive agreement

3.  Approval by the Board of Directors of both parties, if applicable

4.  Receipt of all necessary third-party consents and governmental
    approvals

5.  \[OTHER CONDITIONS SPECIFIC TO THE TRANSACTION\]

**6. TIMELINE**

-   Execution of LOI: \[DATE\]

-   Due Diligence Period: \[DATE RANGE\]

-   Negotiation of Definitive Agreement: \[DATE RANGE\]

-   Execution of Definitive Agreement: \[DATE\]

-   Closing/Commencement: \[DATE\]

**7. EXCLUSIVITY**

\[RECIPIENT\] agrees that for a period of \[NUMBER\] days from the
execution of this LOI (the \"Exclusivity Period\"), it shall not
directly or indirectly:

1.  Solicit, initiate, or encourage any inquiries or proposals from,

2.  Enter into any discussions or negotiations with, or

3.  Provide any information to,

any third party relating to a transaction similar to the one
contemplated herein.

**8. CONFIDENTIALITY**

Each party agrees to maintain the confidentiality of all information
received from the other party in connection with the proposed
transaction and to use such information solely for purposes of
evaluating the transaction. This confidentiality obligation shall
survive the termination of this LOI.

**9. BINDING PROVISIONS**

The parties acknowledge and agree that this LOI is intended to be
non-binding except for the provisions relating to Exclusivity (Section
7), Confidentiality (Section 8), Expenses (Section 10), Governing Law
(Section 11), and No Brokers (Section 12), which shall be binding upon
execution of this LOI.

**10. EXPENSES**

Each party shall bear its own expenses incurred in connection with the
negotiation and consummation of the proposed transaction, including fees
and expenses of financial advisors, attorneys, and accountants, except
as may be otherwise agreed in a definitive agreement.

**11. GOVERNING LAW**

This LOI shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of \[JURISDICTION\], without giving effect to principles of conflicts of
law.

**12. NO BROKERS**

Each party represents and warrants to the other that it has not engaged
any broker, finder, or agent in connection with the proposed
transaction, and that no broker, finder, or agent is entitled to any
commission or fee in connection therewith.

**13. TERMINATION**

This LOI shall terminate upon the earlier of:

1.  Execution of a definitive agreement

2.  Expiration of the Exclusivity Period without execution of a
    definitive agreement

3.  Mutual written agreement of the parties

4.  \[DATE\], if a definitive agreement has not been executed by such
    date

**14. EXPIRATION OF OFFER**

This LOI shall expire if not accepted by \[RECIPIENT\] within \[NUMBER\]
days from the date hereof.

If the terms and conditions described in this LOI are acceptable to you,
please sign in the space provided below and return a copy to the
undersigned. We look forward to working with you on this transaction.

Sincerely,

**\[SENDER NAME\]** \[SENDER TITLE\] \[SENDER COMPANY\]

ACCEPTED AND AGREED:

**\[RECIPIENT COMPANY\]**

By: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Name:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Title:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Date:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
