---
title: Non Disclosure Agreement
description: Detailed content for Nda.
---

**NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT**

**MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT**

This MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT (the \"Agreement\") is made and
entered into as of \[DATE\] (the \"Effective Date\"), by and between:

Skelsa Private Limited, a company incorporated under the Companies Act,
2013, having its registered office at \[ADDRESS\], Bengaluru, Karnataka
- \[PINCODE\], India (hereinafter referred to as \"Skelsa\");

AND

\[COUNTERPARTY NAME\], a \[ENTITY TYPE\] organized and existing under
the laws of \[JURISDICTION\], having its principal place of business at
\[ADDRESS\] (hereinafter referred to as the \"Counterparty\").

Skelsa and the Counterparty are hereinafter individually referred to as
a \"Party\" and collectively as the \"Parties\".

**RECITALS**

WHEREAS, Skelsa operates premium biophilic coworking spaces that
integrate natural elements into workspace design;

WHEREAS, the Counterparty is \[BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF COUNTERPARTY\'S
BUSINESS\];

WHEREAS, the Parties wish to explore a potential business relationship
related to \[BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF POTENTIAL RELATIONSHIP, e.g.,
\"Skelsa\'s expansion in new locations,\" \"development of specialized
biophilic design elements,\" \"strategic partnership,\" etc.\] (the
\"Purpose\");

WHEREAS, in connection with the Purpose, each Party may disclose to the
other Party certain confidential and proprietary information; and

WHEREAS, the Parties wish to establish the terms and conditions under
which such confidential and proprietary information will be disclosed,
used, and protected.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements
contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties
agree as follows:

**1. DEFINITIONS**

1.1. **\"Confidential Information\"** means all non-public information
disclosed by one Party (the \"Disclosing Party\") to the other Party
(the \"Receiving Party\"), whether orally, in writing, electronically,
or by any other means, that:

\(a\) Is designated as \"confidential,\" \"proprietary,\" or similar
designation at the time of disclosure or within thirty (30) days
thereafter if disclosed orally; or

\(b\) A reasonable person would understand to be confidential or
proprietary given the nature of the information and the circumstances of
disclosure.

1.2. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Confidential
Information includes, but is not limited to:

\(a\) Business plans, strategies, forecasts, projections, and financial
information;

\(b\) Marketing plans, market research, customer lists, and customer
information;

\(c\) Pricing strategies, cost structures, and revenue models;

\(d\) Product and service development plans and roadmaps;

\(e\) Designs, drawings, specifications, and architectural plans;

\(f\) Proprietary biophilic design concepts, methods, and
implementations;

\(g\) Technology, software, algorithms, and intellectual property;

\(h\) Operational methods, processes, and know-how;

\(i\) Vendor, supplier, and partner relationships and terms;

\(j\) Personnel information and human resources data;

\(k\) The terms and existence of this Agreement and discussions between
the Parties regarding the Purpose; and

\(l\) Any other information that would reasonably be considered
proprietary, confidential, or commercially valuable.

1.3. Confidential Information may include information of a third party
that is in the possession of the Disclosing Party and is disclosed to
the Receiving Party under this Agreement.

1.4. **\"Representatives\"** means a Party\'s directors, officers,
employees, agents, contractors, advisors, and professional consultants
(including attorneys, accountants, and financial advisors) who need to
know the Confidential Information for the Purpose and who are bound by
confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as those contained
in this Agreement.

**2. EXCLUSIONS**

2.1. Confidential Information does not include information that:

\(a\) Was in the Receiving Party\'s possession prior to disclosure by
the Disclosing Party, as evidenced by the Receiving Party\'s written
records, and was not subject to any confidentiality obligation;

\(b\) Is or becomes publicly available through no fault, action, or
inaction of the Receiving Party;

\(c\) Is rightfully received by the Receiving Party from a third party
without a duty of confidentiality;

\(d\) Is independently developed by the Receiving Party without
reference to or use of the Disclosing Party\'s Confidential Information,
as evidenced by the Receiving Party\'s written records; or

\(e\) Is disclosed with the prior written approval of the Disclosing
Party.

**3. OBLIGATIONS OF THE RECEIVING PARTY**

3.1. **Protection of Confidential Information.** The Receiving Party
shall:

\(a\) Hold the Disclosing Party\'s Confidential Information in strict
confidence and protect it with the same degree of care that the
Receiving Party uses to protect its own confidential information of a
similar nature, but in no case less than a reasonable degree of care;

\(b\) Not disclose, divulge, or otherwise communicate any Confidential
Information to any person or entity, except to its Representatives who
need to know such information for the Purpose;

\(c\) Ensure that its Representatives who receive Confidential
Information are aware of and bound by the confidentiality obligations of
this Agreement;

\(d\) Be responsible for any breach of this Agreement by its
Representatives;

\(e\) Use the Confidential Information solely for the Purpose and not
for any other purpose;

\(f\) Not reverse engineer, disassemble, or decompile any prototypes,
software, or other tangible objects that embody Confidential
Information;

\(g\) Not copy or reproduce any Confidential Information except as
necessary for the Purpose;

\(h\) Immediately notify the Disclosing Party in writing upon discovery
of any loss, unauthorized disclosure, or unauthorized use of the
Disclosing Party\'s Confidential Information; and

\(i\) Take all reasonable steps to mitigate any potential damage caused
by such loss, unauthorized disclosure, or unauthorized use.

3.2. **Legally Required Disclosure.** If the Receiving Party is required
by law, regulation, or court order to disclose any Confidential
Information, the Receiving Party shall:

\(a\) Promptly notify the Disclosing Party in writing of such
requirement prior to disclosure, if legally permitted;

\(b\) Cooperate with the Disclosing Party\'s efforts to obtain a
protective order or other appropriate remedy;

\(c\) Disclose only that portion of the Confidential Information that
the Receiving Party is legally required to disclose, as advised by legal
counsel; and

\(d\) Use reasonable efforts to ensure that any Confidential Information
so disclosed is treated confidentially by the recipient.

3.3. **No License or Rights.** All Confidential Information shall remain
the property of the Disclosing Party. Nothing in this Agreement shall be
construed as granting the Receiving Party any right, title, interest, or
license in or to any Confidential Information or any patent, copyright,
trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property right of the
Disclosing Party.

3.4. **No Obligation to Disclose.** Nothing in this Agreement shall
obligate either Party to disclose any particular Confidential
Information to the other Party.

3.5. **No Obligation to Proceed.** Nothing in this Agreement shall
obligate either Party to proceed with the Purpose or any transaction or
relationship between the Parties.

3.6. **No Warranty.** ALL CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION IS PROVIDED \"AS IS\"
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING ITS ACCURACY,
COMPLETENESS, OR PERFORMANCE.

**4. RETURN OR DESTRUCTION OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION**

4.1. Upon the earlier of:

\(a\) The Disclosing Party\'s written request; or

\(b\) The termination of the business relationship between the Parties
related to the Purpose; or

\(c\) The termination of this Agreement;

the Receiving Party shall, at the Disclosing Party\'s option, either:

\(i\) Promptly return to the Disclosing Party all Confidential
Information and all copies, notes, summaries, analyses, studies, and
other materials derived from or containing such Confidential
Information; or

\(ii\) Destroy all Confidential Information and all copies, notes,
summaries, analyses, studies, and other materials derived from or
containing such Confidential Information, and provide the Disclosing
Party with written certification of such destruction signed by an
authorized officer of the Receiving Party.

4.2. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Receiving Party may retain:

\(a\) One copy of the Confidential Information for archival purposes
solely to ensure compliance with the terms of this Agreement;

\(b\) Copies of Confidential Information that are automatically
preserved in electronic backup systems if the Receiving Party uses
commercially reasonable efforts to prevent access to such data;

\(c\) Confidential Information to the extent required by applicable law,
regulation, or court order, provided that the Receiving Party complies
with Section 3.2 of this Agreement.

4.3. Any Confidential Information retained pursuant to Section 4.2 shall
remain subject to the confidentiality and non-use obligations of this
Agreement.

**5. TERM AND TERMINATION**

5.1. This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall
continue in full force and effect for a period of \[NUMBER\] years (the
\"Initial Term\"), unless earlier terminated as provided herein.

5.2. After the Initial Term, this Agreement shall automatically renew
for successive one-year periods, unless either Party provides written
notice to the other Party of its intent not to renew at least thirty
(30) days prior to the end of the then-current term.

5.3. Either Party may terminate this Agreement at any time by providing
thirty (30) days\' prior written notice to the other Party.

5.4. The confidentiality and non-use obligations of this Agreement shall
survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement for a period of
\[NUMBER\] years from the date of such expiration or termination.

**6. REMEDIES**

6.1. Each Party acknowledges that money damages may not be a sufficient
remedy for any breach of this Agreement and that the non-breaching Party
shall be entitled to seek injunctive or other equitable relief to
prevent or remedy any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement, in
addition to all other remedies available at law or in equity.

6.2. Such equitable relief shall be available without the obligation to
post any bond or other security, and without the necessity of proving
actual damages.

6.3. The rights and remedies provided in this Agreement are cumulative
and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law.

**7. GENERAL PROVISIONS**

7.1. **Governing Law.** This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of India, without giving effect to
any choice or conflict of law provision or rule.

7.2. **Dispute Resolution.** Any dispute, controversy, or claim arising
out of or relating to this Agreement, or the breach, termination, or
invalidity thereof, shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with
the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996, as amended. The arbitration
shall be conducted by a sole arbitrator appointed by mutual agreement of
the Parties. If the Parties cannot agree on the appointment of the
arbitrator within thirty (30) days, the arbitrator shall be appointed by
the High Court of Karnataka. The seat of arbitration shall be Bengaluru,
Karnataka, India. The language of arbitration shall be English. The
arbitration award shall be final and binding on the Parties.

7.3. **Assignment.** Neither Party may assign or transfer any of its
rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written
consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may
assign this Agreement without consent to a successor in interest in
connection with a merger, acquisition, corporate reorganization, or sale
of all or substantially all of its assets. Any attempted assignment in
violation of this Section shall be null and void. This Agreement shall
be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their
respective permitted successors and assigns.

7.4. **Notices.** All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands,
waivers, and other communications under this Agreement shall be in
writing and shall be deemed to have been given:

\(a\) When delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt);

\(b\) When received by the addressee if sent by a nationally recognized
overnight courier (receipt requested);

\(c\) On the date sent by email (with confirmation of transmission) if
sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next
business day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient; or

\(d\) On the third day after the date mailed, by registered or certified
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid.

Such communications must be sent to the respective Parties at the
addresses set forth in the preamble to this Agreement (or to such other
address as may be designated by a Party from time to time in accordance
with this Section 7.4).

7.5. **Entire Agreement.** This Agreement constitutes the entire
agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof
and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings,
negotiations, and discussions, whether oral or written, between the
Parties.

7.6. **Amendment and Modification.** This Agreement may only be amended,
modified, or supplemented by a written agreement signed by both Parties.

7.7. **Waiver.** No waiver by either Party of any of the provisions of
this Agreement shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing
and signed by the waiving Party. No failure to exercise, or delay in
exercising, any right, remedy, power, or privilege arising from this
Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof, nor shall
any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power, or privilege
hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege.

7.8. **Severability.** If any term or provision of this Agreement is
invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity,
illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or
provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such
term or provision in any other jurisdiction.

7.9. **Relationship of the Parties.** Nothing in this Agreement is
intended to create a partnership, joint venture, agency, or other
relationship between the Parties other than that of independent
contractors. Neither Party has the authority to bind or act on behalf of
the other Party.

7.10. **No Third-Party Beneficiaries.** This Agreement is for the sole
benefit of the Parties and their respective permitted successors and
assigns, and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall
confer upon any other person or entity any legal or equitable right,
benefit, or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this
Agreement.

7.11. **Counterparts.** This Agreement may be executed in counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together
shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this
Agreement delivered by email or other electronic means shall be deemed
to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of
this Agreement.

7.12. **Export Control.** Each Party shall comply with all applicable
export control laws and regulations with respect to the Confidential
Information.

7.13. **Interpretation.** For purposes of this Agreement: (a) the words
\"include,\" \"includes,\" and \"including\" shall be deemed to be
followed by the words \"without limitation\"; (b) the word \"or\" is not
exclusive; and (c) the words \"herein,\" \"hereof,\" \"hereby,\"
\"hereto,\" and \"hereunder\" refer to this Agreement as a whole.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the
Effective Date.

**SKELSA PRIVATE LIMITED**

By: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Name:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Title:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

**\[COUNTERPARTY NAME\]**

By: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Name:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Title:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
