---
title: Possession Letter
description: Detailed content for Possession Letter.
---

**POSSESSION LETTER TEMPLATE**

**\[SKELSA LETTERHEAD\]**

\[DATE\]

**POSSESSION LETTER**

**To,** \[PROPERTY OWNER NAME\] \[ADDRESS\] \[CITY, STATE, PIN CODE\]

**Sub: Taking Possession of Premises at \[EXACT ADDRESS\]**

Dear \[PROPERTY OWNER NAME\],

This is to confirm that I, \[AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE NAME\], duly
authorized representative of Skelsa Private Limited (\"Skelsa\"), have
on this day, \[DATE\], taken possession of the premises described below
from \[PROPERTY OWNER NAME\] (\"Property Owner\") in accordance with the
terms and conditions of the Lease Agreement dated \[LEASE AGREEMENT
DATE\] executed between Skelsa and the Property Owner.

**1. PREMISES DETAILS**

**Property Address:** \[COMPLETE ADDRESS WITH
LANDMARK\] **Floor(s):** 3rd, 4th, 5th, and 6th floors **Total
Area:**40,000 sq. ft. (10,000 sq. ft. per floor) **Permitted
Use:** Biophilic coworking space and related activities

**2. INVENTORY OF ITEMS**

The following items have been handed over along with the premises:

**Access and Security:**

-   \[NUMBER\] sets of main entrance keys

-   \[NUMBER\] sets of floor access keys

-   \[NUMBER\] access cards/fobs

-   Security system codes and operation manuals

-   \[NUMBER\] sets of emergency exit keys

**Building Systems:**

-   Electrical system in working condition with \[NUMBER\] distribution
    panels

-   HVAC system in working condition with \[NUMBER\] air conditioning
    units

-   Plumbing system in working condition with \[NUMBER\] water supply
    points

-   Fire detection and suppression systems in working condition

-   Elevator access with \[NUMBER\] elevators serving the premises

-   Building management system access credentials

**Fixtures and Fittings:**

-   \[NUMBER\] light fixtures

-   \[NUMBER\] electrical outlets

-   \[NUMBER\] network/data ports

-   \[NUMBER\] ceiling fans

-   \[NUMBER\] built-in cabinets/storage units

-   \[NUMBER\] bathroom fixtures

-   \[LIST ANY OTHER FIXTURES REMAINING IN THE PREMISES\]

**Documents:**

-   Building occupancy certificate

-   Floor plans and architectural drawings

-   Electrical layout drawings

-   Plumbing layout drawings

-   HVAC layout drawings

-   Fire safety certificates

-   Structural stability certificate

-   \[LIST ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS\]

**3. CONDITION OF PREMISES**

The premises have been inspected thoroughly and are being taken over in
the following condition:

**Structural Elements:**

-   Walls: \[GOOD/SATISFACTORY/NEEDS REPAIR - with details\]

-   Floors: \[GOOD/SATISFACTORY/NEEDS REPAIR - with details\]

-   Ceilings: \[GOOD/SATISFACTORY/NEEDS REPAIR - with details\]

-   Windows: \[GOOD/SATISFACTORY/NEEDS REPAIR - with details\]

-   Doors: \[GOOD/SATISFACTORY/NEEDS REPAIR - with details\]

-   Staircases: \[GOOD/SATISFACTORY/NEEDS REPAIR - with details\]

**Building Systems:**

-   Electrical: \[GOOD/SATISFACTORY/NEEDS REPAIR - with details\]

-   Plumbing: \[GOOD/SATISFACTORY/NEEDS REPAIR - with details\]

-   HVAC: \[GOOD/SATISFACTORY/NEEDS REPAIR - with details\]

-   Fire Safety: \[GOOD/SATISFACTORY/NEEDS REPAIR - with details\]

-   Elevators: \[GOOD/SATISFACTORY/NEEDS REPAIR - with details\]

-   Security Systems: \[GOOD/SATISFACTORY/NEEDS REPAIR - with details\]

**Overall Assessment:** The premises are in
\[EXCELLENT/GOOD/SATISFACTORY/POOR\] condition, subject to the specific
observations noted above and in the attached condition report and
photographs.

**4. UTILITY METER READINGS**

The following utility meter readings were recorded at the time of taking
possession:

**Electricity:**

-   Meter Number: \[METER NUMBER\]

-   Current Reading: \[READING\]

-   Date of Reading: \[DATE\]

**Water:**

-   Meter Number: \[METER NUMBER\]

-   Current Reading: \[READING\]

-   Date of Reading: \[DATE\]

**Gas (if applicable):**

-   Meter Number: \[METER NUMBER\]

-   Current Reading: \[READING\]

-   Date of Reading: \[DATE\]

**5. DEFECTS AND PENDING WORKS**

The following defects/issues have been identified during the inspection,
which the Property Owner has agreed to rectify as per the terms of the
Lease Agreement:

1.  \[DESCRIPTION OF DEFECT/ISSUE\] - To be rectified by \[DATE\]

2.  \[DESCRIPTION OF DEFECT/ISSUE\] - To be rectified by \[DATE\]

3.  \[DESCRIPTION OF DEFECT/ISSUE\] - To be rectified by \[DATE\]

4.  \[LIST ANY OTHER DEFECTS OR PENDING WORKS WITH TIMELINE\]

**6. SPECIAL CONSIDERATIONS FOR BIOPHILIC INSTALLATIONS**

The following has been specifically verified and confirmed for the
implementation of Skelsa\'s biophilic design:

**Structural Load Capacity:**

-   3rd Floor: Confirmed capacity of \[NUMBER\] kg/sq.m. for planter
    systems

-   4th Floor: Confirmed capacity of \[NUMBER\] kg/sq.m. for planter
    systems

-   5th Floor: Confirmed capacity of \[NUMBER\] kg/sq.m. for planter
    systems

-   6th Floor: Confirmed capacity of \[NUMBER\] kg/sq.m. for planter
    systems

-   Hanging load capacity for ceiling-mounted planters: \[NUMBER\]
    kg/point

**Waterproofing and Drainage:**

-   Floors have been verified for appropriate waterproofing

-   Drainage points available at \[LOCATIONS\]

-   Additional waterproofing to be installed by Skelsa as per Lease
    Agreement

**HVAC Considerations:**

-   HVAC system capable of maintaining \[TEMPERATURE RANGE\] and
    \[HUMIDITY RANGE\]

-   Ventilation capacity of \[NUMBER\] air changes per hour

-   Separate zone controls available for plant-intensive areas

**Natural Light:**

-   Window area constitutes \[PERCENTAGE\]% of floor area

-   Light levels measured at \[LUX READINGS\] at various points

-   Light quality suitable for \[LIST PLANT TYPES\] as verified by our
    biophilic design consultant

**7. COMMENCEMENT OF LEASE TERM**

With the execution of this Possession Letter, the Lease Term shall
commence from \[DATE\] and shall continue for a period of \[NUMBER\]
years as per the terms of the Lease Agreement.

**8. ACKNOWLEDGMENT**

By signing this Possession Letter:

1.  Skelsa acknowledges receipt of possession of the premises in the
    condition described above.

2.  The Property Owner confirms delivery of possession of the premises
    to Skelsa along with all items listed in the inventory.

3.  Both parties confirm that the premises have been handed over/taken
    over in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Lease
    Agreement.

4.  This Possession Letter shall form an integral part of the Lease
    Agreement dated \[LEASE AGREEMENT DATE\].

**9. ATTACHMENTS**

The following documents are attached to and form part of this Possession
Letter:

1.  Detailed condition report with photographs (Annexure A)

2.  Inventory checklist with signatures (Annexure B)

3.  Utility transfer documents (Annexure C)

4.  Building systems handover checklist (Annexure D)

5.  Structural assessment report for biophilic installations
    (Annexure E)

Please sign and return the duplicate copy of this Possession Letter as
acknowledgment of the above.

Thanking you,

Yours sincerely,

**For Skelsa Private Limited**

\[AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE NAME\] \[DESIGNATION\] \[CONTACT DETAILS\]

**ACKNOWLEDGMENT BY PROPERTY OWNER**

I/We, \[PROPERTY OWNER NAME\], hereby confirm handing over possession of
the above-mentioned premises to Skelsa Private Limited on \[DATE\] along
with all the items mentioned in the inventory and in the condition as
described above.

\[PROPERTY OWNER NAME/AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE\] \[DESIGNATION, IF
APPLICABLE\] \[CONTACT DETAILS\]

Date: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Place:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
