---
title: Property Owner Noc
description: Detailed content for Property Owner Noc.
---

**PROPERTY OWNER NOC TEMPLATE FOR VIRTUAL OFFICE PLAN**

**\[PROPERTY OWNER\'S LETTERHEAD OR DETAILS\]**

Date: \[DATE\]

**NO OBJECTION CERTIFICATE** **FOR VIRTUAL OFFICE SERVICES**

**To Whomsoever It May Concern**

I/We, \[PROPERTY OWNER NAME\], the legal and rightful owner(s) of the
property situated at \[COMPLETE PROPERTY ADDRESS\], hereby certify and
declare as follows:

**1. PROPERTY OWNERSHIP**

I/We confirm that I am/we are the sole legal and rightful owner(s) of
the property having legitimate title and possession of the same, which
can be verified through the following documents:

1.  Sale Deed/Title Deed No. \[DOCUMENT NUMBER\] dated \[DATE\]

2.  Property Tax Receipt No. \[RECEIPT NUMBER\] for the period
    \[PERIOD\]

3.  Electricity Bill Account No. \[ACCOUNT NUMBER\]

4.  \[ANY OTHER OWNERSHIP PROOF\]

**2. LEASE AGREEMENT**

I/We have leased the abovementioned property (or portions thereof,
specifically 3rd, 4th, 5th, and 6th floors) to Skelsa Private Limited
(\"Skelsa\"), a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013,
having its registered office at \[SKELSA\'S REGISTERED OFFICE ADDRESS\],
vide Lease Agreement dated \[DATE OF LEASE AGREEMENT\].

**3. CONSENT FOR VIRTUAL OFFICE SERVICES**

I/We hereby grant my/our full and unequivocal consent and no objection
to Skelsa Private Limited for the following:

**3.1. Company Registration Services**

I/We have no objection to Skelsa allowing its clients to use the address
of the leased premises as their registered office address for the
purpose of company incorporation and registration with the Registrar of
Companies (ROC) under the Companies Act, 2013, or for registration of
Limited Liability Partnerships (LLPs) under the Limited Liability
Partnership Act, 2008.

**3.2. GST Registration Services**

I/We have no objection to Skelsa allowing its clients to use the address
of the leased premises for Goods and Services Tax (GST) registration
purposes, including:

-   Registration as Principal Place of Business (PPOB)

-   Registration as Additional Place of Business (APOB)

-   Conducting GST inspections at the premises when required

**3.3. Business Address Usage**

I/We have no objection to Skelsa allowing its clients to use the address
of the leased premises for:

-   Business correspondence and communications

-   Printing on business cards, letterheads, websites, and marketing
    materials

-   Receiving mail, courier, and packages

-   Receiving business visitors

-   Conducting occasional business meetings

**3.4. Other Statutory Registrations**

I/We have no objection to Skelsa allowing its clients to use the address
of the leased premises for other statutory registrations, including but
not limited to:

-   Shops and Establishments registration

-   Professional Tax registration

-   Trade License

-   MSME registration

-   Import-Export Code (IEC)

-   \[OTHER RELEVANT REGISTRATIONS\]

**4. SPECIFIC AUTHORIZATIONS**

**4.1. Signage and Directory Listings**

I/We authorize Skelsa to:

-   Display the names/logos of its virtual office clients in the
    building directory

-   Install appropriate signage at the premises to indicate the presence
    of virtual office clients

-   Display temporary signage during official inspections or
    verifications

**4.2. Inspections and Verifications**

I/We authorize Skelsa to:

-   Allow government officials and regulatory authorities to visit the
    premises for verification and inspection purposes related to its
    virtual office clients

-   Represent to such officials that the virtual office clients have
    legitimate use of the address as per the arrangements with Skelsa

**4.3. Mail and Package Handling**

I/We authorize Skelsa to:

-   Receive mail, courier, and packages addressed to its virtual office
    clients

-   Operate mail handling facilities at the premises

-   Install secure storage for mail and packages

**5. TERMS AND CONDITIONS**

This No Objection Certificate is granted subject to the following terms
and conditions:

**5.1. Compliance with Laws**

Skelsa shall ensure that all virtual office services are provided in
compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and that its
clients utilize the address only for legitimate business purposes.

**5.2. Duration**

This No Objection Certificate shall remain valid for the duration of the
Lease Agreement between myself/ourselves and Skelsa. In the event of
termination or expiration of the Lease Agreement, this NOC shall
automatically stand revoked.

**5.3. No Tenancy Rights**

This NOC does not create any tenancy rights or interest in the property
for the virtual office clients of Skelsa. The virtual office clients
shall not have any right to physically occupy or use the premises except
as specifically permitted by Skelsa under its virtual office
arrangements.

**5.4. Limitation of Liability**

I/We shall not be liable for any disputes, claims, or liabilities
arising between Skelsa and its virtual office clients or any third
parties in relation to the virtual office services.

**5.5. Indemnification**

Skelsa has agreed to indemnify and hold me/us harmless from and against
any claims, liabilities, damages, costs, and expenses arising from or in
connection with the provision of virtual office services to its clients.

**6. VERIFICATION AND AUTHENTICATION**

**6.1. Property Documents**

Copies of the following documents are attached to this NOC to verify
property ownership:

-   Copy of Sale Deed/Title Deed (Attachment A)

-   Recent Property Tax Receipt (Attachment B)

-   Recent Utility Bill (Attachment C)

-   \[ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENT\]

**6.2. Owner Identification**

Copies of the following documents are attached to this NOC to verify
my/our identity:

-   Copy of PAN Card (Attachment D)

-   Copy of Aadhar Card (Attachment E)

-   \[ANY OTHER ID PROOF\]

**7. DECLARATION**

I/We hereby declare that:

1.  I/We have the full authority and legal capacity to issue this No
    Objection Certificate.

2.  The information provided in this NOC is true, correct, and complete
    to the best of my/our knowledge and belief.

3.  This NOC is being issued voluntarily and with full understanding of
    its implications.

4.  I/We have not issued any similar NOC to any other person/entity for
    the same property that would conflict with the authorizations
    granted herein.

**8. CONTACT INFORMATION**

For any verification or clarification regarding this NOC, I/We can be
contacted at:

**Name:** \[PROPERTY OWNER NAME\] **Address:** \[PROPERTY OWNER
ADDRESS\] **Phone:** \[PROPERTY OWNER PHONE\] **Email:** \[PROPERTY
OWNER EMAIL\]

**9. AUTHENTICATION**

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I/We have signed this No Objection Certificate on
this \[DATE\] at \[PLACE\].

\[PROPERTY OWNER NAME\] \[PROPERTY OWNER DESIGNATION, IF APPLICABLE\]

**WITNESSES:**

1.  

> Name: \[WITNESS 1 NAME\] Address: \[WITNESS 1 ADDRESS\] ID Proof:
> \[WITNESS 1 ID DETAILS\]

2.  

> Name: \[WITNESS 2 NAME\] Address: \[WITNESS 2 ADDRESS\] ID Proof:
> \[WITNESS 2 ID DETAILS\]

**NOTARY SEAL AND SIGNATURE:**

\[NOTARY DETAILS\] Registration No.: \[REGISTRATION NUMBER\] Date:
\[DATE\]
