---
title: Skelsa Individual Membership Agreement
description: Detailed content for Skelsa Individual Membership Agreement.
---

**SKELSA INDIVIDUAL MEMBERSHIP AGREEMENT**

**MEMBERSHIP AGREEMENT**

This MEMBERSHIP AGREEMENT (hereinafter referred to as the \"Agreement\")
is made and entered into on this \_\_\_ day of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_, 2025 (the
\"Effective Date\").

**BETWEEN**

**SKELSA PRIVATE LIMITED**, a company incorporated under the Companies
Act, 2013, having its registered office at
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, Bengaluru,
Karnataka - \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, represented by its authorized
signatory, **\[AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY NAME\]** (hereinafter referred to as
\"SKELSA\" or the \"Company\") of the ONE PART;

**AND**

**\[MEMBER NAME\]**, an individual residing at
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, with PAN
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ and Aadhar \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
(hereinafter referred to as the \"Member\") of the OTHER PART.

SKELSA and the Member are hereinafter individually referred to as a
\"Party\" and collectively as the \"Parties\".

**RECITALS**

A. SKELSA operates a biophilic coworking space under the brand name
\"Skelsa\" at \[EXACT ADDRESS\], Bannerghatta, Bengaluru, Karnataka -
\[PIN CODE\] (the \"Premises\").

B. The Member wishes to subscribe to SKELSA\'s Individual Membership
plan to access and use the workspaces and services provided by SKELSA in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

C. SKELSA has agreed to provide the Member with access to workspaces and
services at the Premises in accordance with the terms and conditions of
this Agreement.

**NOW THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION OF THE MUTUAL PROMISES AND COVENANTS
CONTAINED HEREIN, THE PARTIES AGREE AS FOLLOWS:**

**1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION**

1.1. **Definitions**: In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise
requires:

\(a\) \"Access Credentials\" means the access card, key, code, or other
means of access provided by SKELSA to the Member for accessing the
Premises;

\(b\) \"Biophilic Elements\" means the plants, living walls, water
features, natural materials, and other nature-inspired design elements
incorporated into the Premises;

\(c\) \"Business Day\" means any day other than Saturday, Sunday, or any
public holiday in Bengaluru, Karnataka;

\(d\) \"Common Areas\" means the reception areas, lounges, pantry,
restrooms, meeting rooms, event spaces, and other areas designated by
SKELSA for common use by all members;

\(e\) \"Confidential Information\" has the meaning assigned to it in
Clause 12.1;

\(f\) \"Dedicated Desk\" means a specific desk location assigned to the
Member for exclusive use, if applicable as per the Membership Plan;

\(g\) \"Fees\" means the Membership Fee and any additional charges
payable by the Member as set out in Clause 5;

\(h\) \"Flexible Workspace\" means non-dedicated desk space that the
Member may use on a first-come, first-served basis, in accordance with
the Membership Plan;

\(i\) \"House Rules\" means the rules and regulations established by
SKELSA for the use of the Premises, as amended from time to time;

\(j\) \"Intellectual Property Rights\" means all patents, trademarks,
service marks, trade names, domain names, logos, get-up, trade dress,
designs, design rights, copyright, database rights, moral rights,
know-how, trade secrets, confidential information, and any other
intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or
unregistered, and any applications for registration or rights to make
such an application;

\(k\) \"Membership\" means the Member\'s right to access and use the
Workspace and Services in accordance with the terms of this Agreement;

\(l\) \"Membership Fee\" means the monthly fee payable by the Member for
the Membership, as specified in Schedule A;

\(m\) \"Membership Plan\" means the specific plan subscribed to by the
Member, as detailed in Schedule A, which determines the type of
Workspace and Services that the Member is entitled to access and use;

\(n\) \"Membership Term\" means the initial term of this Agreement as
specified in Clause 3.1 and any renewal term;

\(o\) \"Premises\" means SKELSA\'s biophilic coworking space located at
\[EXACT ADDRESS\], Bannerghatta, Bengaluru, Karnataka - \[PIN CODE\];

\(p\) \"Services\" means the services provided by SKELSA to the Member
as specified in Schedule B;

\(q\) \"Workspace\" means the Dedicated Desk, Flexible Workspace, and
Common Areas that the Member is entitled to access and use under this
Agreement.

1.2. **Interpretation**: In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise
requires:

\(a\) References to clauses and schedules are to the clauses of and
schedules to this Agreement;

\(b\) The headings are for convenience only and shall not affect the
interpretation of this Agreement;

\(c\) Words importing the singular include the plural and vice versa,
and words importing a gender include every gender;

\(d\) References to a person include an individual, company,
partnership, association, trust, unincorporated organization, or
governmental authority;

\(e\) References to any statute or statutory provision include
references to that statute or statutory provision as amended, extended,
or re-enacted and to any rules, orders, regulations, and delegated
legislation made thereunder;

\(f\) \"Including\" and similar expressions shall be deemed to be
followed by the words \"without limitation\"; and

\(g\) The schedules form part of this Agreement and shall have the same
force and effect as if expressly set out in the body of this Agreement.

**2. GRANT OF MEMBERSHIP**

2.1. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, SKELSA
hereby grants to the Member, and the Member hereby accepts, a
non-exclusive, non-transferable Membership to access and use the
Workspace and Services during the Membership Term.

2.2. The Membership entitles the Member to:

\(a\) Use of the Workspace as specified in the Membership Plan detailed
in Schedule A;

\(b\) Access to and use of the Common Areas in accordance with the House
Rules;

\(c\) Receipt of the Services; and

\(d\) Such other rights and privileges as may be specified in Schedule
A.

2.3. The Membership is personal to the Member and may not be
transferred, assigned, or shared with any other person. The Member shall
not allow any other person to use the Member\'s Access Credentials or to
access the Premises using the Member\'s identity.

2.4. The Member acknowledges and agrees that SKELSA may, from time to
time, make changes to the Workspace and Services, provided that such
changes do not materially diminish the overall quality or scope of the
Membership.

**3. TERM AND RENEWAL**

3.1. This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall
continue for an initial term of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ months (the \"Initial
Term\"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement.

3.2. The Initial Term shall have a lock-in period of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_
months from the Effective Date (the \"Lock-in Period\"), during which
the Member shall not be entitled to terminate this Agreement except as
provided in Clause 13.2.

3.3. Upon expiration of the Initial Term, this Agreement shall
automatically renew on a month-to-month basis (each, a \"Renewal
Term\"), unless either Party provides written notice of non-renewal to
the other Party at least \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ days prior to the expiration of
the then-current term.

3.4. SKELSA may, at its discretion, offer the Member the option to renew
this Agreement for a fixed term with different pricing or terms by
providing written notice to the Member at least thirty (30) days prior
to the expiration of the then-current term.

**4. ACCESS AND USE**

4.1. **Access Hours and Days**:

\(a\) The Member shall have access to the Workspace during the hours
specified in the Membership Plan, subject to:

\(i\) Temporary closures for maintenance, repair, emergency, or other
reasons beyond SKELSA\'s reasonable control;

\(ii\) Compliance with security protocols established by SKELSA; and

\(iii\) Observance of any restricted access periods notified in advance
by SKELSA.

\(b\) Access to certain Common Areas and Services may be limited to
SKELSA\'s standard business hours or as specified in Schedule B.

4.2. **Access Credentials**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall provide the Member with Access Credentials for
accessing the Premises;

\(b\) The Member shall:

\(i\) Use the Access Credentials only for the Member\'s personal access
to the Premises;

\(ii\) Not share, lend, or transfer the Access Credentials to any other
person;

\(iii\) Promptly report any loss, theft, or damage to the Access
Credentials to SKELSA; and

\(iv\) Return all Access Credentials to SKELSA upon termination of this
Agreement.

\(c\) The Member shall be responsible for any unauthorized use of the
Access Credentials issued to the Member.

4.3. **Biophilic Environment**:

\(a\) The Member acknowledges that the Premises incorporates various
Biophilic Elements, which are integral to SKELSA\'s workspace concept;

\(b\) The Member shall:

\(i\) Treat all Biophilic Elements with care and respect;

\(ii\) Not damage, remove, relocate, or interfere with any Biophilic
Elements;

\(iii\) Promptly report any issues with Biophilic Elements (such as
plant health, water leaks, or pest issues) to SKELSA; and

\(iv\) Follow SKELSA\'s guidelines regarding interaction with Biophilic
Elements.

\(c\) The Member acknowledges that the presence of Biophilic Elements
may result in:

\(i\) Higher humidity levels than conventional office spaces;

\(ii\) The presence of beneficial insects as part of integrated pest
management;

\(iii\) Natural scents from plants and organic materials; and

\(iv\) Variations in temperature and airflow to accommodate plant
health.

\(d\) The Member shall inform SKELSA of any allergies or sensitivities
to specific plants or natural materials that may affect the Member\'s
use of the Premises.

4.4. **Dedicated Desk** (if applicable per Membership Plan):

\(a\) If the Member\'s Membership Plan includes a Dedicated Desk, the
Member shall have exclusive use of the assigned desk during the
Membership Term;

\(b\) The Member may personalize the Dedicated Desk with small personal
items, photographs, and non-permanent decorations, provided that:

\(i\) Such personalization does not damage the desk or surrounding area;

\(ii\) Such personalization does not interfere with the Biophilic
Elements or overall aesthetic of the Premises;

\(iii\) Such personalization is not offensive, inappropriate, or
disruptive to other members; and

\(iv\) All personal items are removed upon termination of this
Agreement.

\(c\) The Member shall keep the Dedicated Desk and surrounding area
clean, tidy, and free from clutter;

\(d\) SKELSA reserves the right to relocate the Member\'s Dedicated Desk
to a comparable location within the Premises upon providing at least
five (5) days\' prior written notice to the Member.

4.5. **Flexible Workspace** (if applicable per Membership Plan):

\(a\) If the Member\'s Membership Plan includes access to Flexible
Workspace, the Member may use any available non-dedicated desk space on
a first-come, first-served basis during the hours specified in the
Membership Plan;

\(b\) The Member shall not reserve Flexible Workspace for future use;

\(c\) The Member shall not leave personal belongings unattended at
Flexible Workspace for extended periods;

\(d\) The Member shall clear the Flexible Workspace of all personal
belongings at the end of each day.

4.6. **House Rules**:

\(a\) The Member shall comply with the House Rules, which are
incorporated by reference into this Agreement;

\(b\) SKELSA may amend the House Rules from time to time by providing
written notice to the Member;

\(c\) If any amendment to the House Rules materially affects the
Member\'s use of the Workspace or Services, the Member may, within
fifteen (15) days of receiving notice of such amendment, object to such
amendment by providing written notice to SKELSA, and the Parties shall
discuss in good faith to resolve the objection.

4.7. **Guest Policy**:

\(a\) The Member may bring guests to the Premises, subject to:

\(i\) Prior notification to SKELSA;

\(ii\) Compliance with SKELSA\'s guest registration procedures;

\(iii\) The guest being accompanied by the Member at all times; and

\(iv\) The limits on the number of guests and duration of visits as
specified in Schedule A or the House Rules.

\(b\) The Member shall be responsible for ensuring that their guests
comply with the terms of this Agreement and the House Rules.

4.8. **Community Etiquette**:

\(a\) The Member shall:

\(i\) Be respectful and courteous to other members, guests, and SKELSA
staff;

\(ii\) Use appropriate noise levels for a shared workspace environment;

\(iii\) Clean up after using Common Areas such as kitchens, meeting
rooms, and lounge areas;

\(iv\) Respect the privacy and property of other members;

\(v\) Use shared resources and amenities considerately; and

\(vi\) Contribute positively to the community atmosphere.

\(b\) The Member shall not engage in any behavior that may be
disruptive, offensive, or uncomfortable to other members, guests, or
SKELSA staff.

**5. FEES AND PAYMENT**

5.1. **Membership Fee**:

\(a\) The Member shall pay to SKELSA the Membership Fee as specified in
Schedule A;

\(b\) The Membership Fee shall be payable monthly in advance, on or
before the \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ day of each month, beginning on the Effective
Date;

\(c\) For any partial month, the Membership Fee shall be prorated based
on the number of days in that month.

5.2. **Security Deposit**:

\(a\) The Member shall pay to SKELSA a refundable security deposit
equivalent to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ months\' Membership Fee (the \"Security
Deposit\");

\(b\) The Security Deposit shall be paid simultaneously with the
execution of this Agreement;

\(c\) SKELSA may apply the Security Deposit towards any outstanding
Fees, damages, or other amounts payable by the Member under this
Agreement;

\(d\) The Security Deposit, or any balance thereof after permitted
deductions, shall be refunded to the Member within \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ days
of the termination of this Agreement.

5.3. **Additional Charges**:

\(a\) The Member shall pay for any additional services or amenities not
included in the Membership Fee, as per SKELSA\'s published rates or as
otherwise agreed between the Parties;

\(b\) Such additional charges may include, but are not limited to:

\(i\) Use of meeting rooms or event spaces beyond the allocated hours;

\(ii\) Printing, scanning, and photocopying beyond the allocated quota;

\(iii\) Food and beverage services;

\(iv\) IT support services beyond basic assistance;

\(v\) Administrative and secretarial services; and

\(vi\) Courier and mail handling services beyond the standard offering.

\(c\) SKELSA shall invoice the Member for additional charges on a
monthly basis, and the Member shall pay such invoice within fifteen (15)
days of receipt.

5.4. **Taxes**:

\(a\) All Fees and additional charges are exclusive of applicable taxes,
including Goods and Services Tax (GST);

\(b\) The Member shall pay all applicable taxes in addition to the Fees
and additional charges;

\(c\) SKELSA shall provide the Member with tax invoices in accordance
with applicable laws.

5.5. **Payment Method**:

\(a\) The Member shall pay all Fees and additional charges by electronic
funds transfer, NEFT, RTGS, UPI, credit card, debit card, or such other
method as may be approved by SKELSA;

\(b\) The Member may authorize SKELSA to automatically charge the
Member\'s credit card or debit card for recurring Membership Fees and
additional charges;

\(c\) All payments shall be made to the bank account or payment method
specified by SKELSA from time to time.

5.6. **Late Payment**:

\(a\) If the Member fails to pay any amount due under this Agreement by
the due date, SKELSA may charge interest on the overdue amount at the
rate of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ % per month or the maximum rate permitted by law,
whichever is lower, from the due date until payment is received in full;

\(b\) In addition to charging interest, SKELSA may, at its discretion,
suspend the Member\'s access to the Workspace and Services until all
outstanding amounts are paid in full.

5.7. **Fee Adjustments**:

\(a\) SKELSA may adjust the Membership Fee upon renewal of this
Agreement by providing at least thirty (30) days\' written notice to the
Member before the commencement of the Renewal Term;

\(b\) During the Initial Term, SKELSA may adjust the Membership Fee only
if:

\(i\) Such adjustment is expressly permitted in Schedule A; or

\(ii\) There is a significant increase in SKELSA\'s operating costs due
to factors beyond its reasonable control.

**6. WORKSPACE USAGE**

6.1. **Workspace Selection**:

\(a\) For Dedicated Desk Memberships, SKELSA shall assign a specific
desk to the Member based on availability and the Member\'s preferences;

\(b\) For Flexible Workspace Memberships, the Member may select any
available non-dedicated desk space on a first-come, first-served basis
during the permitted access hours.

6.2. **Personal Property**:

\(a\) The Member is responsible for the security of their personal
property at the Premises;

\(b\) SKELSA provides:

\(i\) Lockable storage for Dedicated Desk Members as specified in
Schedule A;

\(ii\) Day-use lockers for Flexible Workspace Members, subject to
availability;

\(c\) The Member acknowledges that SKELSA is not responsible for any
loss, theft, or damage to the Member\'s personal property, unless caused
by SKELSA\'s gross negligence or willful misconduct;

\(d\) The Member shall not leave valuable items unattended at the
Premises;

\(e\) SKELSA reserves the right to remove and store any personal
property left unattended in Common Areas overnight, and to dispose of
unclaimed property after fourteen (14) days.

6.3. **Ergonomics and Workspace Setup**:

\(a\) SKELSA provides ergonomically designed furniture as standard in
all workspaces;

\(b\) The Member may request ergonomic accessories or adjustments to
better suit their physical needs;

\(c\) The Member shall not make any modifications to the furniture or
workspace that may damage the furniture or premises;

\(d\) The Member may bring and use their own ergonomic accessories (such
as keyboard, mouse, monitor stand, footrest) provided they do not
interfere with other members or the overall workspace design.

6.4. **Technology and Connectivity**:

\(a\) SKELSA provides:

\(i\) High-speed wireless internet throughout the Premises;

\(ii\) Wired internet connections at Dedicated Desks;

\(iii\) Power outlets at all workspaces;

\(iv\) Basic IT support as specified in Schedule B;

\(b\) The Member shall:

\(i\) Use the technology infrastructure responsibly;

\(ii\) Not engage in bandwidth-intensive activities that may degrade
service for other members;

\(iii\) Not install any network equipment or run servers without
SKELSA\'s prior written approval;

\(iv\) Maintain adequate security measures on their own devices;

\(v\) Report any technology issues promptly to SKELSA.

6.5. **Meeting Rooms and Phone Booths**:

\(a\) The Member shall have access to meeting rooms and phone booths as
specified in the Membership Plan, subject to:

\(i\) Advance booking through SKELSA\'s reservation system;

\(ii\) Availability on a first-come, first-served basis;

\(iii\) The maximum duration and frequency of use specified in Schedule
A;

\(b\) The Member shall:

\(i\) Use meeting rooms and phone booths only for their intended
purpose;

\(ii\) Not monopolize facilities to the detriment of other members;

\(iii\) Leave the facilities clean and tidy after use;

\(iv\) Report any issues or damage promptly;

\(v\) Cancel reservations that are no longer needed at least two (2)
hours in advance.

6.6. **Wellness Areas**:

\(a\) The Member shall have access to wellness areas (such as meditation
spaces, relaxation zones, or outdoor terraces) as part of the
Membership, subject to:

\(i\) The availability and opening hours of such areas;

\(ii\) Any booking requirements for specific wellness activities;

\(iii\) Capacity limitations for safety and comfort;

\(b\) The Member shall:

\(i\) Use wellness areas respectfully and quietly;

\(ii\) Follow any specific guidelines for each wellness area;

\(iii\) Respect the privacy and experience of others using these spaces;

\(iv\) Leave wellness areas in clean and orderly condition.

**7. SERVICES**

7.1. **Basic Services**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall provide the basic services specified in Schedule B to
the Member during the Membership Term;

\(b\) Such basic services shall be included in the Membership Fee;

\(c\) SKELSA shall provide these services in a professional manner,
consistent with industry standards for premium coworking spaces.

7.2. **Additional Services**:

\(a\) SKELSA offers additional services as specified in Schedule B,
which the Member may request at additional cost;

\(b\) Availability of additional services is subject to scheduling,
capacity, and other operational constraints;

\(c\) The Member acknowledges that certain additional services may be
provided by third-party contractors selected by SKELSA.

7.3. **Technology Services**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall provide:

\(i\) High-speed internet connectivity (wired and wireless) throughout
the Premises;

\(ii\) Basic IT support for connectivity issues related to SKELSA\'s
infrastructure;

\(iii\) Secure access to printing, scanning, and copying facilities; and

\(iv\) Access to audiovisual equipment in meeting rooms as specified in
Schedule B.

\(b\) The Member acknowledges that:

\(i\) SKELSA does not guarantee uninterrupted internet service;

\(ii\) SKELSA is not responsible for troubleshooting issues with the
Member\'s own devices, software, or applications;

\(iii\) The Member is responsible for maintaining appropriate security
measures for their own devices and data; and

\(iv\) The Member shall comply with SKELSA\'s acceptable use policy for
technology services.

7.4. **Mail and Package Services**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall provide mail and package handling services,
including:

\(i\) Receipt and storage of mail and packages addressed to the Member;

\(ii\) Notification to the Member when mail or packages are received;

\(iii\) Secure storage of mail and packages until collection by the
Member; and

\(iv\) Basic mail forwarding services as specified in Schedule B.

\(b\) The Member acknowledges that:

\(i\) SKELSA is not responsible for the loss, damage, or delay of any
mail or packages by postal services or courier companies;

\(ii\) SKELSA reserves the right to refuse receipt of any mail or
packages that appear suspicious, dangerous, or excessively large or
heavy;

\(iii\) The Member shall collect mail and packages promptly after
notification; and

\(iv\) SKELSA may dispose of uncollected mail and packages after a
reasonable storage period as specified in the House Rules.

7.5. **Community and Wellness Services**:

\(a\) SKELSA may offer community and wellness services, including:

\(i\) Community events, workshops, and networking opportunities;

\(ii\) Wellness activities such as yoga, meditation, or fitness classes;

\(iii\) Educational programming and professional development
opportunities; and

\(iv\) Social and recreational activities.

\(b\) The Member shall be entitled to participate in such activities in
accordance with the terms specified in Schedule B;

\(c\) SKELSA reserves the right to modify the schedule, content, or
availability of community and wellness services.

7.6. **Beverage and Refreshment Services**:

\(a\) SKELSA provides complimentary:

\(i\) Coffee, tea, and filtered water;

\(ii\) Access to kitchen facilities and equipment;

\(iii\) Refrigerator space, subject to reasonable limits;

\(b\) The Member shall:

\(i\) Use beverage services responsibly;

\(ii\) Clean up after using kitchen facilities;

\(iii\) Label and maintain personal food items stored in shared
refrigerators;

\(iv\) Respect designated storage areas and limits.

7.7. **Environmental Wellness Services**:

\(a\) As part of its biophilic design concept, SKELSA provides
environmental wellness services including:

\(i\) Indoor air quality monitoring and optimization;

\(ii\) Natural light optimization;

\(iii\) Acoustic comfort measures;

\(iv\) Thermal comfort management;

\(v\) Exposure to diverse biophilic elements for stress reduction and
cognitive benefits;

\(vi\) Access to designated quiet zones for focused work;

\(b\) The Member acknowledges that:

\(i\) These environmental wellness services are integral to SKELSA\'s
biophilic design philosophy;

\(ii\) Individual preferences for environmental conditions may vary;

\(iii\) SKELSA strives to maintain optimal conditions for most users
while accommodating specific needs when possible.

**8. VIRTUAL OFFICE SERVICES**

8.1. **Business Address Usage** (if applicable per Membership Plan):

\(a\) If specified in Schedule A, the Member may use the address of the
Premises as their business address for correspondence and business
communications;

\(b\) SKELSA shall provide:

\(i\) Mail and package handling as described in Clause 7.4;

\(ii\) Display of the Member\'s name in the digital directory, if
applicable;

\(iii\) Professional business environment for receiving occasional
visitors;

\(c\) The Member shall:

\(i\) Use the business address only for legitimate business purposes;

\(ii\) Not use the business address for any unlawful, unethical, or
inappropriate activities;

\(iii\) Provide SKELSA with current contact information for mail
forwarding or notification;

\(iv\) Update all business records and communications if they cease
using the business address.

8.2. **Registered Office or GST Registration Address Usage**:

\(a\) Unless explicitly specified in Schedule A, the Member\'s
Membership does not include the right to use the address of the Premises
as a registered office for company registration purposes or for GST
registration;

\(b\) If the Member requires registered office or GST registration
address services, the Member must upgrade to an appropriate virtual
office plan or business address plan that specifically includes these
services.

8.3. **Call Handling Services** (if applicable per Membership Plan):

\(a\) If specified in Schedule A, SKELSA shall provide call handling
services, which may include:

\(i\) Reception of calls during SKELSA\'s business hours;

\(ii\) Professional greeting using the Member\'s business name;

\(iii\) Call forwarding to the Member\'s designated number;

\(iv\) Taking messages when the Member is unavailable;

\(v\) Notification of messages via email or SMS;

\(b\) The Member shall:

\(i\) Provide clear instructions on call handling preferences;

\(ii\) Keep SKELSA updated with current contact information;

\(iii\) Respond promptly to forwarded calls and messages;

\(iv\) Use call handling services for legitimate business purposes only.

8.4. **Meeting Room and Day Pass Allocation** (if applicable per
Membership Plan):

\(a\) Virtual office plans may include a specified allocation of meeting
room hours and day passes for workspace use;

\(b\) The Member shall:

\(i\) Book meeting rooms in advance through SKELSA\'s reservation
system;

\(ii\) Use day passes during SKELSA\'s standard business hours unless
otherwise arranged;

\(iii\) Not exceed the allocated hours/passes without payment of
additional fees;

\(iv\) Comply with all House Rules during physical visits to the
Premises.

**9. MEMBER\'S OBLIGATIONS**

9.1. **Compliance with Laws**:

\(a\) The Member shall comply with all applicable laws, regulations, and
guidelines in connection with their use of the Workspace and Services;

\(b\) This includes, but is not limited to, compliance with:

\(i\) Health and safety regulations;

\(ii\) Fire safety requirements;

\(iii\) Environmental protection regulations;

\(iv\) Data protection and privacy laws;

\(v\) Intellectual property laws;

\(vi\) Anti-harassment and anti-discrimination laws; and

\(vii\) Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws.

9.2. **Use Restrictions**:

\(a\) The Member shall not use the Workspace or Services for any purpose
that:

\(i\) Is unlawful, immoral, or unethical;

\(ii\) Creates nuisance, disturbance, or inconvenience to SKELSA, other
members, or neighbors of the Premises;

\(iii\) Causes damage to the Premises or its fixtures, fittings, or
equipment;

\(iv\) Harms or potentially harms the Biophilic Elements;

\(v\) Poses a health or safety risk to any person;

\(vi\) Violates the House Rules; or

\(vii\) Is outside the scope of normal office or professional use.

\(b\) The Member shall not, without SKELSA\'s prior written consent:

\(i\) Make any alterations or additions to the Workspace;

\(ii\) Affix anything to the walls, floors, ceilings, or other surfaces,
except on designated display areas or bulletin boards;

\(iii\) Install any furniture, fixtures, or equipment that are not
compatible with the Premises\' design or technical specifications;

\(iv\) Bring any hazardous materials, dangerous substances, or weapons
onto the Premises;

\(v\) Operate any heavy machinery or equipment that may cause excessive
noise, vibration, or floor loading;

\(vi\) Conduct retail sales or direct customer service operations from
the Premises; or

\(vii\) Host public events without proper coordination with SKELSA.

9.3. **Biophilic Environment Respect**:

\(a\) The Member shall respect and preserve the biophilic environment of
the Premises by:

\(i\) Not interfering with the Biophilic Elements;

\(ii\) Using environmentally friendly and non-toxic cleaning products,
office supplies, and personal care products whenever possible;

\(iii\) Participating in SKELSA\'s waste segregation and recycling
programs;

\(iv\) Minimizing unnecessary resource consumption, including water,
electricity, and disposable items;

\(v\) Promptly reporting any issues that may affect plant health, water
features, or other Biophilic Elements; and

\(vi\) Being mindful of the sensitivities of natural materials and
living systems.

9.4. **Security and Safety**:

\(a\) The Member shall cooperate with SKELSA\'s security and safety
protocols, including:

\(i\) Proper use of Access Credentials;

\(ii\) Participation in emergency drills and evacuations;

\(iii\) Compliance with access control procedures for visitors;

\(iv\) Reporting of suspicious activities or security concerns;

\(v\) Securing valuable items in designated storage areas; and

\(vi\) Adherence to fire safety guidelines.

\(b\) The Member shall not compromise security by:

\(i\) Propping open doors or disabling access control systems;

\(ii\) Sharing Access Credentials with unauthorized persons;

\(iii\) Allowing unauthorized persons to follow the Member into secure
areas;

\(iv\) Tampering with security cameras, alarms, fire detection systems,
or other safety equipment; or

\(v\) Creating physical hazards or obstacles that may impede emergency
evacuation.

9.5. **Network and IT Usage**:

\(a\) The Member shall use SKELSA\'s network and IT infrastructure
responsibly and securely, including:

\(i\) Not engaging in any activity that may compromise network security
or stability;

\(ii\) Not using excessive bandwidth for non-business purposes;

\(iii\) Not accessing, downloading, or distributing any illegal,
offensive, or harmful content;

\(iv\) Maintaining appropriate security measures on their own devices,
including antivirus software and regular security updates;

\(v\) Not connecting unauthorized network equipment (such as routers,
switches, or wireless access points) to SKELSA\'s network; and

\(vi\) Promptly reporting any suspected security incidents or network
issues.

9.6. **Professional Conduct**:

\(a\) The Member shall maintain professional conduct at all times while
at the Premises, including:

\(i\) Treating SKELSA staff, other members, and guests with courtesy and
respect;

\(ii\) Dressing appropriately for a professional environment;

\(iii\) Using appropriate language and tone in communications;

\(iv\) Respecting the privacy and confidentiality of other members;

\(v\) Resolving conflicts or disagreements in a constructive and
respectful manner; and

\(vi\) Complying with any reasonable directions from SKELSA staff.

9.7. **Feedback and Communication**:

\(a\) The Member shall:

\(i\) Provide timely feedback to SKELSA regarding the Workspace and
Services;

\(ii\) Promptly report any issues, defects, or maintenance requirements;

\(iii\) Participate in periodic member satisfaction surveys;

\(iv\) Maintain updated contact information for communications from
SKELSA; and

\(v\) Respond to important communications from SKELSA within a
reasonable time.

9.8. **Insurance**:

\(a\) The Member is strongly recommended to maintain:

\(i\) Personal property insurance covering the Member\'s equipment and
belongings at the Premises;

\(ii\) Professional liability insurance appropriate for the Member\'s
business activities;

\(iii\) Health insurance that covers injuries that may occur at the
Premises.

\(b\) The Member acknowledges that SKELSA\'s insurance does not cover
the Member\'s personal property or liability and that the Member is
responsible for obtaining appropriate insurance coverage for their own
needs.

**10. SKELSA\'S OBLIGATIONS**

10.1. **Provision of Workspace and Services**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall provide the Workspace and Services in accordance with
this Agreement and Schedule A and Schedule B;

\(b\) SKELSA shall:

\(i\) Maintain the Premises in good repair and clean condition;

\(ii\) Ensure all building systems (HVAC, electrical, plumbing, etc.)
are in proper working order;

\(iii\) Provide adequate lighting, heating, cooling, and ventilation;

\(iv\) Maintain the Biophilic Elements in healthy condition;

\(v\) Ensure proper functioning of access control systems and other
building facilities; and

\(vi\) Promptly address maintenance issues and repair requests.

10.2. **Biophilic Environment Maintenance**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall maintain the biophilic environment of the Premises,
including:

\(i\) Regular care and maintenance of all plants, living walls, and
other vegetation;

\(ii\) Proper operation and maintenance of water features and irrigation
systems;

\(iii\) Integrated pest management using environmentally friendly
methods;

\(iv\) Monitoring and optimization of humidity, temperature, and air
quality;

\(v\) Seasonal adjustments to plant care routines; and

\(vi\) Replacement of damaged or unhealthy Biophilic Elements.

\(b\) SKELSA shall engage qualified professionals for specialized
biophilic maintenance tasks and shall schedule such maintenance to
minimize disruption to the Member\'s activities.

10.3. **Security and Safety**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall implement reasonable security and safety measures,
including:

\(i\) Access control systems for the Premises;

\(ii\) CCTV surveillance of common areas and entry points;

\(iii\) Fire detection and suppression systems;

\(iv\) Emergency evacuation plans and signage;

\(v\) First aid facilities and trained personnel;

\(vi\) Regular safety inspections and hazard assessments; and

\(vii\) Security personnel as appropriate for the size and nature of the
Premises.

\(b\) SKELSA shall:

\(i\) Promptly respond to security incidents or safety concerns;

\(ii\) Conduct regular testing and maintenance of safety equipment;

\(iii\) Organize periodic emergency drills;

\(iv\) Update security protocols based on evolving threats and best
practices; and

\(v\) Provide the Member with information about security procedures and
emergency protocols.

10.4. **Network Infrastructure**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall provide and maintain robust network infrastructure,
including:

\(i\) High-speed internet connectivity with appropriate bandwidth for
business operations;

\(ii\) Secure wireless access throughout the Premises;

\(iii\) Wired network connections where applicable;

\(iv\) Network security measures such as firewalls, intrusion detection,
and content filtering;

\(v\) Backup connectivity options in case of primary service disruption;
and

\(vi\) Technical support for network-related issues.

\(b\) SKELSA shall monitor network performance and capacity, and shall
make upgrades as necessary to maintain service quality.

10.5. **Community Development**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall foster a collaborative community environment,
including:

\(i\) Organizing regular networking events, workshops, and
knowledge-sharing sessions;

\(ii\) Facilitating introductions between members with complementary
interests or capabilities;

\(iii\) Creating platforms for member communication and collaboration;

\(iv\) Curating wellness and professional development programs; and

\(v\) Celebrating member achievements and milestones.

\(b\) SKELSA shall seek member input on community programming and shall
be responsive to evolving community needs and interests.

10.6. **Compliance with Laws**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall comply with all applicable laws, regulations, and
guidelines in connection with the operation of the Premises and
provision of the Workspace and Services;

\(b\) This includes, but is not limited to, compliance with:

\(i\) Building codes and occupancy regulations;

\(ii\) Health and safety regulations;

\(iii\) Fire safety requirements;

\(iv\) Environmental protection regulations;

\(v\) Data protection and privacy laws;

\(vi\) Labor and employment laws; and

\(vii\) Anti-discrimination laws.

10.7. **Insurance**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall maintain, throughout the Membership Term:

\(i\) Commercial general liability insurance with coverage of at least
INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per occurrence;

\(ii\) Property insurance covering the Premises and SKELSA\'s furniture,
fixtures, and equipment;

\(iii\) Business interruption insurance;

\(iv\) Workers\' compensation insurance as required by law; and

\(v\) Any other insurance customary for the operation of a premium
coworking space.

**11. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES**

11.1. **Member\'s Representations and Warranties**:

\(a\) The Member represents and warrants that:

\(i\) The Member has the legal capacity to enter into and perform
obligations under this Agreement;

\(ii\) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid, and binding obligation
of the Member, enforceable against the Member in accordance with its
terms;

\(iii\) The execution and performance of this Agreement by the Member
does not violate any law, regulation, or agreement to which the Member
is a party or by which the Member is bound;

\(iv\) The Member shall conduct activities at the Premises in a lawful
and ethical manner; and

\(v\) All information provided to SKELSA in connection with this
Agreement is true, accurate, and complete in all material respects.

11.2. **SKELSA\'s Representations and Warranties**:

\(a\) SKELSA represents and warrants that:

\(i\) It is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under
the laws of India;

\(ii\) It has full power and authority to enter into and perform its
obligations under this Agreement;

\(iii\) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid, and binding
obligation of SKELSA, enforceable against it in accordance with its
terms;

\(iv\) The execution and performance of this Agreement by SKELSA does
not violate any law, regulation, or agreement to which SKELSA is a party
or by which it is bound;

\(v\) It has obtained all licenses, permits, and approvals required for
the operation of the Premises and provision of the Workspace and
Services;

\(vi\) It has good and marketable title to, or valid leasehold interest
in, the Premises; and

\(vii\) The Premises comply with all applicable building codes, health
and safety regulations, and accessibility requirements.

11.3. **Disclaimer of Warranties**:

\(a\) Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, SKELSA makes no
representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding the
Workspace, Services, or Premises, including but not limited to any
implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
or non-infringement;

\(b\) SKELSA does not warrant that the Services will be uninterrupted or
error-free, or that the Workspace will be suitable for the Member\'s
specific business needs;

\(c\) The Member acknowledges that they have made their own
investigation and determination regarding the suitability of the
Workspace and Services for their business purposes.

**12. CONFIDENTIALITY AND PRIVACY**

12.1. **Confidential Information**:

\(a\) \"Confidential Information\" means all non-public information
disclosed by one Party (the \"Disclosing Party\") to the other Party
(the \"Receiving Party\"), whether orally, in writing, or by other
means, that is designated as confidential or that reasonably should be
understood to be confidential given the nature of the information and
the circumstances of disclosure;

\(b\) The Member acknowledges that they may be exposed to or overhear
Confidential Information of SKELSA or other members while using the
Premises;

\(c\) The Member shall:

\(i\) Maintain the confidentiality of any Confidential Information they
may be exposed to at the Premises;

\(ii\) Not disclose such Confidential Information to any third party;

\(iii\) Not use such Confidential Information for any purpose other than
as expressly permitted by the Disclosing Party;

\(iv\) Take reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of such
information; and

\(v\) Promptly notify SKELSA of any unauthorized disclosure or use of
Confidential Information of which the Member becomes aware.

12.2. **Privacy and Data Protection**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall collect, store, process, and use the Member\'s
personal data in accordance with SKELSA\'s Privacy Policy and applicable
data protection laws;

\(b\) The Member acknowledges that SKELSA may:

\(i\) Collect and process personal information necessary for the
administration of the Membership and provision of the Services;

\(ii\) Use CCTV surveillance in common areas of the Premises for
security purposes;

\(iii\) Track access and usage of the Premises for operational and
security purposes;

\(iv\) Process payment information for billing purposes;

\(v\) Use aggregated, anonymized data for business analytics and
improvement of services; and

\(vi\) Share personal information with third-party service providers who
assist in the provision of the Services.

\(c\) The Member has the right to:

\(i\) Access their personal data held by SKELSA;

\(ii\) Request correction of inaccurate personal data;

\(iii\) Request deletion of their personal data, subject to SKELSA\'s
legal obligations and legitimate business interests;

\(iv\) Restrict or object to certain processing of their personal data;
and

\(v\) Lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.

12.3. **Publicity and Media**:

\(a\) SKELSA may, with the Member\'s prior written consent:

\(i\) Include the Member\'s name and logo in SKELSA\'s member directory;

\(ii\) Feature the Member in SKELSA\'s marketing materials, website, or
social media;

\(iii\) Issue press releases or public announcements regarding the
Member\'s relationship with SKELSA; and

\(iv\) Use testimonials or success stories provided by the Member.

\(b\) The Member shall not make any public statements or issue any press
releases regarding SKELSA without SKELSA\'s prior written consent.

**13. TERMINATION**

13.1. **Termination for Convenience**:

\(a\) After the Lock-in Period, the Member may terminate this Agreement
for convenience by providing at least \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ days\' written
notice to SKELSA;

\(b\) After the Lock-in Period, SKELSA may terminate this Agreement for
convenience by providing at least \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ days\' written notice
to the Member.

13.2. **Termination for Cause**:

\(a\) Either Party may terminate this Agreement with immediate effect by
written notice to the other Party if:

\(i\) The other Party commits a material breach of this Agreement that
is not capable of remedy;

\(ii\) The other Party commits a material breach of this Agreement that
is capable of remedy but fails to remedy such breach within fifteen (15)
days after receiving written notice requiring it to do so;

\(iii\) The other Party becomes insolvent, bankrupt, or admits in
writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due; or

\(iv\) The other Party ceases to carry on business.

\(b\) SKELSA may terminate this Agreement with immediate effect by
written notice to the Member if:

\(i\) The Member fails to pay any amount due under this Agreement within
fifteen (15) days after receiving written notice that payment is
overdue;

\(ii\) The Member uses the Workspace or Services for any unlawful
purpose or in violation of the use restrictions in Clause 9.2;

\(iii\) The Member causes material damage to the Premises or persistent
disruption to SKELSA or other members;

\(iv\) The Member repeatedly violates the House Rules despite warnings;
or

\(v\) The Member engages in harassing, discriminatory, or threatening
behavior toward SKELSA staff or other members.

13.3. **Consequences of Termination**:

\(a\) Upon termination of this Agreement:

\(i\) The Member\'s right to access and use the Workspace and Services
shall immediately cease;

\(ii\) The Member shall remove all of their property from the Workspace
by the termination date;

\(iii\) The Member shall return all Access Credentials and other SKELSA
property in their possession;

\(iv\) The Member shall pay all outstanding Fees and additional charges
up to the termination date;

\(v\) SKELSA shall refund the Security Deposit, less any permitted
deductions, within \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ days after the termination date;

\(vi\) The Member shall cease using the Premises\' address for their
business operations, correspondence, and advertising, if applicable;

\(vii\) SKELSA shall forward the Member\'s mail for a period of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ days after termination, provided the Member provides a
forwarding address and pays any applicable mail forwarding fees; and

\(viii\) Both Parties shall comply with their respective
post-termination obligations under this Agreement.

\(b\) If the Member fails to remove their property from the Workspace by
the termination date:

\(i\) SKELSA may, at its discretion, remove and store such property at
the Member\'s expense;

\(ii\) If the Member does not claim such property within thirty (30)
days after termination, SKELSA may dispose of it as it deems
appropriate, with no liability to the Member; and

\(iii\) SKELSA may charge the Member a reasonable fee for continued
occupation of the Workspace, calculated on a daily basis.

\(c\) Termination of this Agreement shall not affect any rights,
remedies, obligations, or liabilities of the Parties that have accrued
up to the date of termination.

13.4. **Survival**:

\(a\) The following provisions shall survive the termination of this
Agreement: Clause 5 (Fees and Payment) to the extent that amounts remain
unpaid; Clause 12 (Confidentiality and Privacy); Clause 13.3
(Consequences of Termination); Clause 14 (Limitation of Liability);
Clause 15 (Indemnification); Clause 16 (Dispute Resolution); and any
other provisions that by their nature are intended to survive
termination.

**14. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**

14.1. **Exclusion of Certain Damages**:

\(a\) Neither Party shall be liable to the other Party for any indirect,
incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages, including but
not limited to loss of profits, revenue, business opportunity, goodwill,
or data, even if such Party has been advised of the possibility of such
damages.

14.2. **Liability Cap**:

\(a\) Each Party\'s maximum aggregate liability to the other Party under
or in connection with this Agreement, whether in contract, tort
(including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, shall
not exceed the total amount of Membership Fees paid by the Member to
SKELSA during the six (6) months immediately preceding the event giving
rise to the liability.

14.3. **Exceptions**:

\(a\) Nothing in this Agreement shall limit or exclude either Party\'s
liability for:

\(i\) Death or personal injury caused by its negligence;

\(ii\) Fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;

\(iii\) Breach of the terms implied by section 12 of the Sale of Goods
Act, 1930 or section 2 of the Consumer Protection Act, 2019;

\(iv\) Any matter for which it would be unlawful to exclude or restrict
liability; or

\(v\) Willful misconduct or gross negligence.

14.4. **Member\'s Property**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall not be liable for any loss, theft, or damage to the
Member\'s property at the Premises, unless caused by SKELSA\'s gross
negligence or willful misconduct;

\(b\) The Member acknowledges that they are responsible for obtaining
appropriate insurance coverage for their property.

14.5. **Service Interruptions**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall not be liable for any interruption or failure in the
provision of utilities, network connectivity, or other services that are
beyond SKELSA\'s reasonable control;

\(b\) In the event of a service interruption within SKELSA\'s control
that materially affects the Member\'s use of the Workspace, the
Member\'s sole remedy shall be service credits as specified in Schedule
B.

14.6. **Third-Party Services**:

\(a\) SKELSA may recommend or facilitate access to third-party service
providers, but shall not be liable for any acts, omissions, or services
of such third parties;

\(b\) The Member\'s use of third-party services shall be subject to the
terms and conditions of such third parties.

**15. INDEMNIFICATION**

15.1. **Member\'s Indemnification**:

\(a\) The Member shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless SKELSA, its
directors, officers, employees, agents, and affiliates from and against
any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs, and expenses
(including reasonable attorneys\' fees) arising out of or relating to:

\(i\) The Member\'s breach of this Agreement;

\(ii\) The Member\'s violation of any law, regulation, or third-party
rights;

\(iii\) The Member\'s use of the Workspace or Services;

\(iv\) Any acts, omissions, or negligence of the Member or their guests
at the Premises;

\(v\) Damage to the Premises, its fixtures, or equipment caused by the
Member or their guests; or

\(vi\) Any claim by a third party relating to the Member\'s business
activities conducted at the Premises.

15.2. **SKELSA\'s Indemnification**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Member from
and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs, and
expenses (including reasonable attorneys\' fees) arising out of or
relating to:

\(i\) SKELSA\'s breach of this Agreement;

\(ii\) SKELSA\'s violation of any law, regulation, or third-party
rights; or

\(iii\) Any acts, omissions, or negligence of SKELSA or its employees at
the Premises.

15.3. **Indemnification Procedure**:

\(a\) The indemnified party shall:

\(i\) Promptly notify the indemnifying party in writing of any claim for
which it seeks indemnification;

\(ii\) Give the indemnifying party sole control over the defense and
settlement of such claim, provided that the indemnifying party shall not
settle any claim in a manner that adversely affects the indemnified
party\'s rights without the indemnified party\'s prior written consent;
and

\(iii\) Provide reasonable cooperation to the indemnifying party at the
indemnifying party\'s expense.

\(b\) The indemnified party may participate in the defense of any claim
at its own expense with counsel of its choosing.

**16. DISPUTE RESOLUTION**

16.1. **Amicable Resolution**:

\(a\) If any dispute arises between the Parties in connection with this
Agreement, the Parties shall attempt to resolve such dispute amicably
through good faith negotiations within thirty (30) days from the date on
which either Party notifies the other of the dispute.

16.2. **Mediation**:

\(a\) If the Parties are unable to resolve the dispute through
negotiations within the thirty (30) day period, either Party may refer
the dispute to mediation by a neutral mediator agreed upon by both
Parties;

\(b\) The mediation shall be conducted in accordance with the Mediation
Rules of the Indian Institute of Arbitration and Mediation;

\(c\) The mediation shall take place in Bengaluru, Karnataka, India;

\(d\) The costs of mediation shall be borne equally by the Parties.

16.3. **Arbitration**:

\(a\) If the dispute is not resolved through mediation within sixty (60)
days of the appointment of the mediator, or such further period as the
Parties may agree in writing, the dispute shall be referred to and
finally resolved by arbitration;

\(b\) The arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the
Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996, as amended from time to time;

\(c\) The arbitration tribunal shall consist of a sole arbitrator
appointed by mutual agreement of the Parties. If the Parties cannot
agree on the appointment of the arbitrator within thirty (30) days, the
arbitrator shall be appointed by the High Court of Karnataka;

\(d\) The seat and venue of arbitration shall be Bengaluru, Karnataka,
India;

\(e\) The language of arbitration shall be English;

\(f\) The arbitration award shall be final and binding on the Parties.

16.4. **Interim Relief**:

\(a\) Nothing in this Clause 16 shall prevent either Party from seeking
interim relief from a court of competent jurisdiction to protect its
rights or interests pending the outcome of negotiations, mediation, or
arbitration.

16.5. **Small Claims**:

\(a\) Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may seek to resolve
any dispute where the amount in controversy is less than INR
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ in any court of competent jurisdiction.

**17. FORCE MAJEURE**

17.1. Neither Party shall be liable for any failure or delay in
performing its obligations under this Agreement (other than payment
obligations) if such failure or delay is due to events beyond its
reasonable control, including but not limited to acts of God, natural
disasters, epidemics, pandemics, quarantines, fire, flood, earthquake,
explosion, war, terrorism, invasion, riot, civil unrest, rebellion,
revolution, insurrection, military or usurped power, strike, lockout or
other labor dispute, law, order, regulation or restriction of any
government or governmental authority (\"Force Majeure Events\").

17.2. The Party affected by a Force Majeure Event shall:

\(a\) Promptly notify the other Party in writing of the nature and
extent of the Force Majeure Event;

\(b\) Use reasonable efforts to mitigate the impact of the Force Majeure
Event and resume performance of its obligations as soon as reasonably
practicable; and

\(c\) Keep the other Party informed of developments relating to the
Force Majeure Event.

17.3. If a Force Majeure Event continues for a period of more than
thirty (30) consecutive days:

\(a\) The Parties shall discuss in good faith any modifications to this
Agreement that may be necessary or appropriate;

\(b\) If the Force Majeure Event significantly affects SKELSA\'s ability
to provide the Workspace or Services, SKELSA may offer the Member
alternative arrangements, such as temporary relocation to another
facility, virtual office services, or fee adjustments; and

\(c\) If no mutually acceptable solution can be found within sixty (60)
days from the commencement of the Force Majeure Event, either Party may
terminate this Agreement by providing written notice to the other Party,
without liability for such termination.

**18. NOTICES**

18.1. All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers, and
other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall
be deemed to have been given:

\(a\) When delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt);

\(b\) When received by the addressee if sent by a nationally recognized
overnight courier (receipt requested);

\(c\) On the date sent by email (with confirmation of transmission) if
sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next
Business Day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient; or

\(d\) On the third day after the date mailed, by registered or certified
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid.

18.2. Such communications must be sent to the respective Parties at the
following addresses:

\(a\) If to SKELSA:

Skelsa Private Limited

\[ADDRESS\]

Attention: \[NAME/TITLE\]

Email: \[EMAIL\]

\(b\) If to the Member:

\[MEMBER NAME\]

\[ADDRESS\]

Email: \[EMAIL\]

18.3. Either Party may change its address for notices by giving written
notice to the other Party in accordance with this Clause 18.

**19. MISCELLANEOUS**

19.1. **Entire Agreement**:

\(a\) This Agreement, together with all schedules and exhibits,
constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous
agreements, understandings, negotiations, and discussions, whether oral
or written, between the Parties.

19.2. **Amendment and Modification**:

\(a\) This Agreement may only be amended, modified, or supplemented by a
written agreement signed by both Parties, except as otherwise expressly
provided in this Agreement.

19.3. **Waiver**:

\(a\) No waiver by either Party of any of the provisions of this
Agreement shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and
signed by the waiving Party;

\(b\) No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy,
power, or privilege hereunder shall operate or be construed as a waiver
thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy,
power, or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise
thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege.

19.4. **Severability**:

\(a\) If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or
unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this
Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision
in any other jurisdiction;

\(b\) Upon a determination that any term or provision is invalid,
illegal, or unenforceable, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to
modify this Agreement to give effect to the original intent of the
Parties as closely as possible in order that the transactions
contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the
greatest extent possible.

19.5. **Assignment**:

\(a\) The Member shall not assign, transfer, delegate, or subcontract
any of their rights or obligations under this Agreement without the
prior written consent of SKELSA;

\(b\) SKELSA may assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations
under this Agreement without the Member\'s consent:

\(i\) To an affiliate or subsidiary;

\(ii\) To an acquirer of all or substantially all of SKELSA\'s assets or
business; or

\(iii\) As part of a corporate reorganization, consolidation, merger, or
sale of substantially all of its shares.

19.6. **Relationship of the Parties**:

\(a\) Nothing in this Agreement is intended to create a partnership,
joint venture, agency, or employment relationship between the Parties;

\(b\) Neither Party shall have the authority to bind the other Party or
to incur any obligation on behalf of the other Party.

19.7. **No Third-Party Beneficiaries**:

\(a\) This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the Parties and their
respective permitted successors and assigns, and nothing herein, express
or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other person or
entity any legal or equitable right, benefit, or remedy of any nature
whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

19.8. **Governing Law**:

\(a\) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of India, without giving effect to any choice or conflict
of law provision or rule.

19.9. **Jurisdiction**:

\(a\) Subject to Clause 16 (Dispute Resolution), the courts of
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any
dispute, controversy, or claim arising out of or relating to this
Agreement.

19.10. **Counterparts**:

\(a\) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall be deemed
to be one and the same agreement;

\(b\) A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by email or other
electronic means shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as
delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement.

19.11. **Interpretation**:

\(a\) This Agreement shall be construed without regard to any
presumption or rule requiring construction or interpretation against the
Party drafting an instrument;

\(b\) The schedules, exhibits, and attachments referred to herein shall
be construed with, and as an integral part of, this Agreement to the
same extent as if they were set forth verbatim herein.

19.12. **Language**:

\(a\) This Agreement has been executed in the English language, which
shall be the binding and controlling language for all matters relating
to the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

19.13. **Time of the Essence**:

\(a\) Time is of the essence with respect to all provisions of this
Agreement that specify a time for performance.

19.14. **Cumulative Remedies**:

\(a\) The rights and remedies under this Agreement are cumulative and
are in addition to and not in substitution for any other rights and
remedies available at law or in equity or otherwise.

19.15. **Electronic Signature**:

\(a\) The Parties agree that this Agreement may be executed by
electronic signature, which shall be considered as an original signature
for all purposes and shall have the same force and effect as an original
signature.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the
Effective Date.

**SKELSA PRIVATE LIMITED** By:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Name:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Title:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Date:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

**\[MEMBER NAME\]** By:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Date:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

**SCHEDULE A - MEMBERSHIP DETAILS**

1.  **Membership Plan**: \[PLAN NAME\] (e.g., Dedicated Desk / Flexible
    Workspace / Hot Desk / Virtual Office)

2.  **Membership Fee**: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per month (plus applicable
    taxes)

3.  **Initial Term**: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ months from the Effective Date

4.  **Lock-in Period**: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ months from the Effective Date

5.  **Security Deposit**: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (equivalent to
    \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ months\' Membership Fee)

6.  **Workspace Details** (select as applicable):

    -   **Dedicated Desk**:

        -   Location: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ floor, Desk \#\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

        -   Includes: Ergonomic chair, lockable storage, task lighting

        -   Hours of access: 24/7 / Standard business hours /
            \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

    -   **Flexible Workspace**:

        -   Type: Hot desk / Open seating

        -   Location: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ floor, Area \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

        -   Hours of access: Standard business hours / \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

        -   First-come, first-served basis

7.  **Access Hours**:

    -   Standard business hours: Monday to Friday, 9:00 AM to 7:00 PM;
        Saturday, 10:00 AM to 5:00 PM

    -   Extended hours (if applicable): \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

    -   24/7 access (if applicable): Yes / No

8.  **Meeting Room Credits**:

    -   \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ hours per month for standard meeting rooms

    -   \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ hours per month for phone booths

    -   Unused hours expire at the end of each month

    -   Additional hours available at member rates

9.  **Guest Policy**:

    -   Up to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ guests per day at no additional charge

    -   Guests must be accompanied by the Member at all times

    -   Guests may stay up to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ consecutive hours

    -   Meeting rooms must be booked for meetings with more than
        \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ guests

10. **Business Address Usage** (if applicable):

    -   Use of SKELSA address for business purposes: Yes / No

    -   Mail and package handling included

    -   Digital directory listing included

11. **Printing and Scanning**:

    -   \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ pages per month included

    -   Additional pages at INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per black and white page
        and INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per color page

12. **Internet Usage**:

    -   High-speed Wi-Fi included

    -   Wired internet connection (for Dedicated Desk only)

    -   Fair usage policy applies

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
13. **Storage**:

    -   Personal locker included (for Dedicated Desk only)

    -   Day-use lockers available (for Flexible Workspace) subject to
        availability

    -   Digital storage and file sharing options through SKELSA portal

14. **Community Events**:

    -   Access to all community events

    -   Priority registration for premium workshops

    -   Access to member-only networking sessions

15. **Wellness Amenities**:

    -   Access to meditation/quiet room

    -   Participation in weekly wellness activities (yoga, meditation
        classes)

    -   Access to outdoor terrace/biophilic relaxation areas

16. **Fee Adjustment**:

    -   Membership Fee subject to annual increase of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_%,
        effective on the anniversary of the Effective Date

**SCHEDULE B - SERVICES**

1.  **Basic Services** (included in Membership Fee):

> (a) **Workspace Services**:

-   Access to Workspace as specified in Schedule A

-   Climate control (heating and cooling)

-   Lighting and electricity

-   Regular cleaning and maintenance

-   Furniture and fixtures as specified in Schedule A

-   Biophilic environment maintenance

> (b) **Technology Services**:

-   High-speed internet connectivity (wired and wireless)

-   Basic IT support for connectivity issues

-   Printing, scanning, and copying allowance as specified in Schedule A

-   Network security

-   Access to audiovisual equipment in meeting rooms

> (c) **Amenities**:

-   Access to common areas including lounge, kitchen, and wellness areas

-   Complimentary coffee, tea, and filtered water

-   Refrigerator and microwave access

-   Secure storage facilities as specified in Schedule A

-   Shower facilities

-   Bicycle storage

> (d) **Business Services**:

-   Reception services during business hours (9:00 AM to 6:00 PM, Monday
    to Friday)

-   Mail and package handling

-   Meeting room usage as per credits specified in Schedule A

-   Access to community events and programming

-   On-site community management team

> (e) **Wellness Services**:

-   Access to wellness area

-   Participation in wellness programs (yoga, meditation, etc.)

-   Ergonomic workspace design

-   Air purification and quality monitoring

-   Natural light optimization

-   Biophilic elements for stress reduction and wellbeing

2.  **Additional Services** (available at additional cost):

> (a) **Business Support Services**:

-   Administrative and secretarial services: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per hour

-   IT support beyond basic assistance: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per hour

-   Professional printing services: As per published rates

-   Translation and interpretation services: As per published rates

-   Notary and document attestation coordination: As per published rates

> (b) **Meeting and Event Services**:

-   Additional meeting room hours beyond allocated credits: INR
    \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per hour

-   Event space rental: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per hour

-   Catering services: As per menu and vendor rates

-   Event planning assistance: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per hour

-   Audiovisual equipment setup and support: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per hour

> (c) **Technology Services**:

-   Private VLAN setup: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

-   Dedicated bandwidth allocation: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per Mbps per
    month

-   Custom network security solutions: As per requirements

-   Video conferencing equipment rental: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per session

-   Data backup services: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per GB per month

> (d) **Convenience Services**:

-   Mail forwarding beyond basic service: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per package

-   Courier and shipping services: As per service provider rates plus
    handling fee

-   Travel booking assistance: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per booking

-   Concierge services: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per request

-   After-hours reception services: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per hour

> (e) **Professional Development Services**:

-   Career coaching: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per session

-   Skill development workshops: As per published rates

-   Business mentoring: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per session

-   Networking facilitation: Complimentary for members

-   Industry expert sessions: As per published rates

3.  **Service Level Commitments**:

> (a) **Internet Connectivity**:

-   Availability: 99.5% during business hours

-   Minimum speed: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Mbps download, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Mbps
    upload

-   Latency: \< \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ms to local servers

-   Resolution time for connectivity issues: Within 4 business hours

> (b) **Facilities Management**:

-   Response to maintenance requests: Within 4 business hours

-   Resolution of critical facilities issues: Within 1 business day

-   Regular cleaning: Daily for common areas, 3 times per week for
    Dedicated Desks

-   Biophilic elements maintenance: Weekly

> (c) **Support Services**:

-   Reception availability: 9:00 AM to 6:00 PM, Monday to Friday

-   Response to general inquiries: Within 1 business day

-   Notification of mail and package receipt: Within 2 hours of delivery

-   Community management team availability: During business hours

> (d) **Service Credits**:

-   For internet downtime exceeding 0.5% during business hours in a
    month: 1% of monthly Membership Fee credit for each additional 0.5%
    of downtime

-   For failure to respond to maintenance requests within SLA:
    Additional meeting room credits

-   For persistent facilities issues unresolved within SLA: Daily credit
    of 1/30th of monthly Membership Fee until resolved

4.  **Service Hours**:

> (a) **Standard Business Hours**:

-   Monday to Friday: 9:00 AM to 7:00 PM

-   Saturday: 10:00 AM to 5:00 PM

-   Closed on Sundays and public holidays

> (b) **Extended Hours Services** (subject to prior arrangement):

-   After-hours reception: Available with 24 hours\' notice

-   Weekend event support: Available with 48 hours\' notice

-   Holiday access: Available to Members with valid Access Credentials

5.  **Service Requests and Support**:

> (a) **Support Channels**:

-   In-person: Community management desk during business hours

-   Email: support\@skelsa.com

-   Phone: \[PHONE NUMBER\]

-   Mobile app: SKELSA Member App

-   Web portal: members.skelsa.com

> (b) **Escalation Process**:

-   Level 1: Community Manager

-   Level 2: Operations Manager

-   Level 3: Center Director

6.  **Biophilic Experience Enhancement**:

> (a) **Plant Interaction**:

-   Plant care workshops: Monthly

-   Seasonal botanical displays: Quarterly

-   Plant adoption program: For long-term members

-   Biophilic design education: Through member portal

> (b) **Sensory Elements**:

-   Natural soundscapes in select areas

-   Aromatherapy in wellness spaces

-   Tactile natural materials throughout workspace

-   Seasonal adjustments to light and atmosphere

> (c) **Outdoor Connection**:

-   Access to outdoor workspaces (weather permitting)

-   Natural light optimization

-   Views to exterior green spaces

-   Outdoor wellness activities
