---
title: Skelsa Enterprise Membership Agreement
description: Detailed content for Skelsa Enterprise Membership Agreement.
---

**SKELSA ENTERPRISE MEMBERSHIP AGREEMENT**

**MEMBERSHIP AGREEMENT**

This MEMBERSHIP AGREEMENT (hereinafter referred to as the \"Agreement\")
is made and entered into on this \_\_\_ day of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_, 2025 (the
\"Effective Date\").

**BETWEEN**

**SKELSA PRIVATE LIMITED**, a company incorporated under the Companies
Act, 2013, having its registered office at
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, Bengaluru,
Karnataka - \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, represented by its authorized
signatory, **\[AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY NAME\]** (hereinafter referred to as
\"SKELSA\" or the \"Company\") of the ONE PART;

**AND**

**\[ENTERPRISE MEMBER NAME\]**, a company incorporated under the
Companies Act, 2013/Limited Liability Partnership Act, 2008/other
applicable law, having its registered office at
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, represented by
its authorized signatory, **\[AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY NAME\]** (hereinafter
referred to as the \"Member\") of the OTHER PART.

SKELSA and the Member are hereinafter individually referred to as a
\"Party\" and collectively as the \"Parties\".

**RECITALS**

A. SKELSA operates a biophilic coworking space under the brand name
\"Skelsa\" at \[EXACT ADDRESS\], Bannerghatta, Bengaluru, Karnataka -
\[PIN CODE\] (the \"Premises\").

B. The Member wishes to subscribe to SKELSA\'s Enterprise Membership
plan to access and use the workspaces and services provided by SKELSA in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

C. SKELSA has agreed to provide the Member with access to workspaces and
services at the Premises in accordance with the terms and conditions of
this Agreement.

**NOW THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION OF THE MUTUAL PROMISES AND COVENANTS
CONTAINED HEREIN, THE PARTIES AGREE AS FOLLOWS:**

**1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION**

1.1. **Definitions**: In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise
requires:

\(a\) \"Authorized Users\" means the employees, officers, directors,
contractors, or agents of the Member who are authorized by the Member to
access and use the Workspaces and Services;

\(b\) \"Biophilic Elements\" means the plants, living walls, water
features, natural materials, and other nature-inspired design elements
incorporated into the Premises;

\(c\) \"Business Day\" means any day other than Saturday, Sunday, or any
public holiday in Bengaluru, Karnataka;

\(d\) \"Common Areas\" means the reception areas, lounges, pantry,
restrooms, meeting rooms, event spaces, and other areas designated by
SKELSA for common use by all members;

\(e\) \"Confidential Information\" has the meaning assigned to it in
Clause 13.1;

\(f\) \"Dedicated Desks\" means the specific desk locations assigned to
the Member for exclusive use by Authorized Users;

\(g\) \"Dedicated Office Space\" means the enclosed office space(s)
assigned to the Member for exclusive use by Authorized Users;

\(h\) \"Fees\" means the Membership Fee and any additional charges
payable by the Member as set out in Clause 5;

\(i\) \"House Rules\" means the rules and regulations established by
SKELSA for the use of the Premises, as amended from time to time;

\(j\) \"Intellectual Property Rights\" means all patents, trademarks,
service marks, trade names, domain names, logos, get-up, trade dress,
designs, design rights, copyright, database rights, moral rights,
know-how, trade secrets, confidential information, and any other
intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or
unregistered, and any applications for registration or rights to make
such an application;

\(k\) \"Membership\" means the Member\'s right to access and use the
Workspaces and Services in accordance with the terms of this Agreement;

\(l\) \"Membership Fee\" means the monthly fee payable by the Member for
the Membership, as specified in Schedule A;

\(m\) \"Membership Term\" means the initial term of this Agreement as
specified in Clause 3.1 and any renewal term;

\(n\) \"Premises\" means SKELSA\'s biophilic coworking space located at
\[EXACT ADDRESS\], Bannerghatta, Bengaluru, Karnataka - \[PIN CODE\];

\(o\) \"Services\" means the services provided by SKELSA to the Member
as specified in Schedule B;

\(p\) \"Workspaces\" means the Dedicated Office Space, Dedicated Desks,
and Common Areas that the Member is entitled to access and use under
this Agreement.

1.2. **Interpretation**: In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise
requires:

\(a\) References to clauses and schedules are to the clauses of and
schedules to this Agreement;

\(b\) The headings are for convenience only and shall not affect the
interpretation of this Agreement;

\(c\) Words importing the singular include the plural and vice versa,
and words importing a gender include every gender;

\(d\) References to a person include an individual, company,
partnership, association, trust, unincorporated organization, or
governmental authority;

\(e\) References to any statute or statutory provision include
references to that statute or statutory provision as amended, extended,
or re-enacted and to any rules, orders, regulations, and delegated
legislation made thereunder;

\(f\) \"Including\" and similar expressions shall be deemed to be
followed by the words \"without limitation\"; and

\(g\) The schedules form part of this Agreement and shall have the same
force and effect as if expressly set out in the body of this Agreement.

**2. GRANT OF MEMBERSHIP**

2.1. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, SKELSA
hereby grants to the Member, and the Member hereby accepts, a
non-exclusive, non-transferable Membership for the Authorized Users to
access and use the Workspaces and Services during the Membership Term.

2.2. The Membership entitles the Member to:

\(a\) Exclusive use of the Dedicated Office Space and/or Dedicated
Desks, as specified in Schedule A;

\(b\) Access to and use of the Common Areas in accordance with the House
Rules;

\(c\) Receipt of the Services; and

\(d\) Such other rights and privileges as may be specified in Schedule
A.

2.3. The number of Authorized Users shall not exceed the maximum number
specified in Schedule A. The Member may request to increase the maximum
number of Authorized Users by providing written notice to SKELSA, and
SKELSA may, at its discretion, approve such request subject to the
availability of space and payment of additional Fees.

2.4. The Member acknowledges and agrees that SKELSA may, from time to
time, make changes to the Workspaces and Services, provided that such
changes do not materially diminish the overall quality or scope of the
Membership.

**3. TERM AND RENEWAL**

3.1. This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall
continue for an initial term of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ months (the \"Initial
Term\"), unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement.

3.2. The Initial Term shall have a lock-in period of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_
months from the Effective Date (the \"Lock-in Period\"), during which
the Member shall not be entitled to terminate this Agreement except as
provided in Clause 14.2.

3.3. Upon expiration of the Initial Term, this Agreement shall
automatically renew for successive periods of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ months each
(each, a \"Renewal Term\"), unless either Party provides written notice
of non-renewal to the other Party at least \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ days prior to
the expiration of the then-current term.

**4. ACCESS AND USE**

4.1. **Access Hours and Days**:

\(a\) The Member shall have 24/7 access to the Dedicated Office Space
and/or Dedicated Desks, subject to:

\(i\) Temporary closures for maintenance, repair, emergency, or other
reasons beyond SKELSA\'s reasonable control;

\(ii\) Compliance with security protocols established by SKELSA; and

\(iii\) Observance of any restricted access periods notified in advance
by SKELSA.

\(b\) Access to certain Common Areas and Services may be limited to
SKELSA\'s standard business hours or as specified in Schedule B.

4.2. **Access Credentials**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall provide the Member with access cards, keys, codes, or
other means of access (\"Access Credentials\") for each Authorized User;

\(b\) The Member shall ensure that:

\(i\) Access Credentials are used only by the Authorized Users to whom
they are issued;

\(ii\) Authorized Users do not share, lend, or transfer their Access
Credentials to any other person;

\(iii\) Any loss, theft, or damage to Access Credentials is promptly
reported to SKELSA; and

\(iv\) All Access Credentials are returned to SKELSA upon termination of
this Agreement or when an Authorized User ceases to be authorized by the
Member.

\(c\) The Member shall be responsible for any unauthorized use of Access
Credentials issued to its Authorized Users.

4.3. **Biophilic Environment**:

\(a\) The Member acknowledges that the Premises incorporates various
Biophilic Elements, which are integral to SKELSA\'s workspace concept;

\(b\) The Member and its Authorized Users shall:

\(i\) Treat all Biophilic Elements with care and respect;

\(ii\) Not damage, remove, relocate, or interfere with any Biophilic
Elements;

\(iii\) Promptly report any issues with Biophilic Elements (such as
plant health, water leaks, or pest issues) to SKELSA; and

\(iv\) Follow SKELSA\'s guidelines regarding interaction with Biophilic
Elements.

\(c\) The Member acknowledges that the presence of Biophilic Elements
may result in:

\(i\) Higher humidity levels than conventional office spaces;

\(ii\) The presence of beneficial insects as part of integrated pest
management;

\(iii\) Natural scents from plants and organic materials; and

\(iv\) Variations in temperature and airflow to accommodate plant
health.

\(d\) The Member shall inform its Authorized Users about the biophilic
nature of the workspace and ensure they are aware of any considerations
related to plant allergies or sensitivities.

4.4. **Authorized Users**:

\(a\) The Member shall provide SKELSA with a list of Authorized Users
before the Effective Date and shall promptly notify SKELSA of any
changes to such list;

\(b\) The Member shall ensure that all Authorized Users:

\(i\) Are aware of and comply with the terms of this Agreement and the
House Rules;

\(ii\) Present appropriate identification when requested by SKELSA
staff;

\(iii\) Conduct themselves in a professional and respectful manner; and

\(iv\) Do not engage in any activity that may cause damage, nuisance, or
disruption to SKELSA, other members, or the Premises.

\(c\) The Member shall be responsible for all acts and omissions of its
Authorized Users at the Premises.

4.5. **House Rules**:

\(a\) The Member and its Authorized Users shall comply with the House
Rules, which are incorporated by reference into this Agreement;

\(b\) SKELSA may amend the House Rules from time to time by providing
written notice to the Member;

\(c\) If any amendment to the House Rules materially affects the
Member\'s use of the Workspaces or Services, the Member may, within
fifteen (15) days of receiving notice of such amendment, object to such
amendment by providing written notice to SKELSA, and the Parties shall
discuss in good faith to resolve the objection.

4.6. **Guest Policy**:

\(a\) The Member may bring guests to the Premises, subject to:

\(i\) Prior notification to SKELSA;

\(ii\) Compliance with SKELSA\'s guest registration procedures;

\(iii\) The guest being accompanied by an Authorized User at all times;
and

\(iv\) The limits on the number of guests and duration of visits as
specified in Schedule A or the House Rules.

\(b\) The Member shall be responsible for ensuring that its guests
comply with the terms of this Agreement and the House Rules.

**5. FEES AND PAYMENT**

5.1. **Membership Fee**:

\(a\) The Member shall pay to SKELSA the Membership Fee as specified in
Schedule A;

\(b\) The Membership Fee shall be payable monthly in advance, on or
before the \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ day of each month, beginning on the Effective
Date;

\(c\) For any partial month, the Membership Fee shall be prorated based
on the number of days in that month.

5.2. **Security Deposit**:

\(a\) The Member shall pay to SKELSA a refundable security deposit
equivalent to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ months\' Membership Fee (the \"Security
Deposit\");

\(b\) The Security Deposit shall be paid simultaneously with the
execution of this Agreement;

\(c\) SKELSA may apply the Security Deposit towards any outstanding
Fees, damages, or other amounts payable by the Member under this
Agreement;

\(d\) The Security Deposit, or any balance thereof after permitted
deductions, shall be refunded to the Member within \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ days
of the termination of this Agreement.

5.3. **Additional Charges**:

\(a\) The Member shall pay for any additional services or amenities not
included in the Membership Fee, as per SKELSA\'s published rates or as
otherwise agreed between the Parties;

\(b\) Such additional charges may include, but are not limited to:

\(i\) Use of meeting rooms or event spaces beyond the allocated hours;

\(ii\) Printing, scanning, and photocopying beyond the allocated quota;

\(iii\) Food and beverage services;

\(iv\) IT support services beyond basic assistance;

\(v\) Administrative and secretarial services; and

\(vi\) Courier and mail handling services beyond the standard offering.

\(c\) SKELSA shall invoice the Member for additional charges on a
monthly basis, and the Member shall pay such invoice within fifteen (15)
days of receipt.

5.4. **Taxes**:

\(a\) All Fees and additional charges are exclusive of applicable taxes,
including Goods and Services Tax (GST);

\(b\) The Member shall pay all applicable taxes in addition to the Fees
and additional charges;

\(c\) SKELSA shall provide the Member with tax invoices in accordance
with applicable laws.

5.5. **Payment Method**:

\(a\) The Member shall pay all Fees and additional charges by electronic
funds transfer, NEFT, RTGS, UPI, or such other method as may be approved
by SKELSA;

\(b\) All payments shall be made to the bank account specified by SKELSA
from time to time.

5.6. **Late Payment**:

\(a\) If the Member fails to pay any amount due under this Agreement by
the due date, SKELSA may charge interest on the overdue amount at the
rate of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ % per month or the maximum rate permitted by law,
whichever is lower, from the due date until payment is received in full;

\(b\) In addition to charging interest, SKELSA may, at its discretion,
suspend the Member\'s access to the Workspaces and Services until all
outstanding amounts are paid in full.

5.7. **Fee Adjustments**:

\(a\) SKELSA may adjust the Membership Fee upon renewal of this
Agreement by providing at least thirty (30) days\' written notice to the
Member before the commencement of the Renewal Term;

\(b\) During the Initial Term, SKELSA may adjust the Membership Fee only
if:

\(i\) Such adjustment is expressly permitted in Schedule A; or

\(ii\) There is a significant increase in SKELSA\'s operating costs due
to factors beyond its reasonable control.

**6. WORKSPACE ALLOCATION AND CUSTOMIZATION**

6.1. **Initial Allocation**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall allocate to the Member the Dedicated Office Space
and/or Dedicated Desks as specified in Schedule A;

\(b\) The Member acknowledges that it has inspected the allocated
workspaces and found them suitable for its intended use.

6.2. **Relocation**:

\(a\) SKELSA may, with at least \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ days\' prior written
notice, relocate the Member to comparable alternative workspace within
the Premises, provided that:

\(i\) The alternative workspace has substantially similar size,
configuration, and quality;

\(ii\) SKELSA bears all reasonable moving expenses directly related to
the relocation; and

\(iii\) The relocation is not done more than once in any 12-month period
unless necessary due to emergency, renovation, or other circumstances
beyond SKELSA\'s reasonable control.

\(b\) If the alternative workspace does not meet the criteria in Clause
6.2(a)(i), the Member may:

\(i\) Accept the alternative workspace and receive a proportionate
reduction in the Membership Fee; or

\(ii\) Terminate this Agreement without penalty by giving written notice
to SKELSA within five (5) days of receiving SKELSA\'s relocation notice.

6.3. **Workspace Customization**:

\(a\) The Member may request customization of the Dedicated Office
Space, subject to:

\(i\) Prior written approval from SKELSA;

\(ii\) Compliance with all applicable building codes, regulations, and
safety standards;

\(iii\) Use of SKELSA-approved contractors or vendors for any
installation work;

\(iv\) Payment of any costs associated with such customization; and

\(v\) Agreement on whether the customization will be removed at the end
of the Membership Term.

\(b\) Approved customizations may include:

\(i\) Branding elements such as logo displays, signage, and custom color
schemes;

\(ii\) Furniture arrangements and ergonomic accessories;

\(iii\) Technology installations, including audiovisual equipment and
specialized connectivity;

\(iv\) Additional biophilic elements that complement SKELSA\'s existing
design; and

\(v\) Privacy enhancements such as frosted glass applications or sound
masking systems.

\(c\) The Member shall not, without SKELSA\'s prior written approval:

\(i\) Make any structural alterations to the Dedicated Office Space;

\(ii\) Install any fixtures or equipment that require modification of
electrical, plumbing, or HVAC systems;

\(iii\) Make any alterations that might affect the Biophilic Elements or
overall aesthetic of the Premises; or

\(iv\) Make any alterations that might disturb or inconvenience other
members.

\(d\) All approved customizations shall be performed in a manner that
minimizes disruption to SKELSA\'s operations and other members.

6.4. **Workspace Expansion**:

\(a\) The Member may request additional workspace during the Membership
Term by providing written notice to SKELSA;

\(b\) SKELSA shall use reasonable efforts to accommodate such requests,
subject to space availability and agreement on commercial terms;

\(c\) Any workspace expansion shall be documented through an amendment
to this Agreement or a separate addendum.

6.5. **Workspace Condition**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall deliver the Dedicated Office Space and/or Dedicated
Desks in clean condition, with all furniture, fixtures, and equipment as
specified in Schedule A in good working order;

\(b\) The Member shall maintain the Dedicated Office Space and/or
Dedicated Desks in good condition, subject to normal wear and tear;

\(c\) The Member shall promptly report to SKELSA any damage to the
Dedicated Office Space and/or Dedicated Desks;

\(d\) Upon termination of this Agreement, the Member shall return the
Dedicated Office Space and/or Dedicated Desks in the same condition as
received, subject to normal wear and tear and approved alterations that
SKELSA agrees may remain in place.

**7. SERVICES**

7.1. **Basic Services**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall provide the basic services specified in Schedule B to
the Member during the Membership Term;

\(b\) Such basic services shall be included in the Membership Fee;

\(c\) SKELSA shall provide these services in a professional manner,
consistent with industry standards for premium coworking spaces.

7.2. **Additional Services**:

\(a\) SKELSA offers additional services as specified in Schedule B,
which the Member may request at additional cost;

\(b\) Availability of additional services is subject to scheduling,
capacity, and other operational constraints;

\(c\) The Member acknowledges that certain additional services may be
provided by third-party contractors selected by SKELSA.

7.3. **Technology Services**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall provide:

\(i\) High-speed internet connectivity (wired and wireless) throughout
the Premises;

\(ii\) Basic IT support for connectivity issues related to SKELSA\'s
infrastructure;

\(iii\) Secure access to printing, scanning, and copying facilities; and

\(iv\) Access to audiovisual equipment in meeting rooms as specified in
Schedule B.

\(b\) The Member acknowledges that:

\(i\) SKELSA does not guarantee uninterrupted internet service;

\(ii\) SKELSA is not responsible for troubleshooting issues with the
Member\'s own devices, software, or applications;

\(iii\) The Member is responsible for maintaining appropriate security
measures for its own devices and data; and

\(iv\) The Member shall comply with SKELSA\'s acceptable use policy for
technology services.

7.4. **Mail and Package Services**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall provide mail and package handling services,
including:

\(i\) Receipt and storage of mail and packages addressed to the Member;

\(ii\) Notification to the Member when mail or packages are received;

\(iii\) Secure storage of mail and packages until collection by the
Member; and

\(iv\) Basic mail forwarding services as specified in Schedule B.

\(b\) The Member acknowledges that:

\(i\) SKELSA is not responsible for the loss, damage, or delay of any
mail or packages by postal services or courier companies;

\(ii\) SKELSA reserves the right to refuse receipt of any mail or
packages that appear suspicious, dangerous, or excessively large or
heavy;

\(iii\) The Member shall collect mail and packages promptly after
notification; and

\(iv\) SKELSA may dispose of uncollected mail and packages after a
reasonable storage period as specified in the House Rules.

7.5. **Meeting Room and Event Space Usage**:

\(a\) The Member shall be entitled to use meeting rooms and event spaces
as specified in Schedule A, subject to:

\(i\) Advance booking through SKELSA\'s reservation system;

\(ii\) Availability on a first-come, first-served basis;

\(iii\) Compliance with the maximum capacity and intended use of each
space; and

\(iv\) Adherence to the cancellation policy for reservations.

\(b\) Meeting rooms and event spaces shall be equipped with standard
audiovisual equipment, furniture, and amenities as indicated in
SKELSA\'s meeting room description;

\(c\) The Member may request additional setup, equipment, or services
for meeting rooms or event spaces at additional cost, subject to
availability and advance notice;

\(d\) The Member shall leave meeting rooms and event spaces in a clean
and orderly condition after use.

7.6. **Wellness and Community Services**:

\(a\) SKELSA may offer wellness and community services, including:

\(i\) Community events, workshops, and networking opportunities;

\(ii\) Wellness activities such as yoga, meditation, or fitness classes;

\(iii\) Educational programming and professional development
opportunities; and

\(iv\) Social and recreational activities.

\(b\) The Member\'s Authorized Users shall be entitled to participate in
such activities in accordance with the terms specified in Schedule B;

\(c\) SKELSA reserves the right to modify the schedule, content, or
availability of wellness and community services.

7.7. **Service Level Commitments**:

\(a\) SKELSA commits to maintaining the following service levels:

\(i\) Internet connectivity availability of at least 99.5% during
standard business hours;

\(ii\) Response to maintenance requests within four (4) business hours;

\(iii\) Resolution of critical facilities issues within one (1) business
day;

\(iv\) Notification of mail and package receipt within two (2) hours of
delivery; and

\(v\) Cleaning of Dedicated Office Space at least five (5) times per
week.

\(b\) In the event of failure to meet these service levels due to
reasons within SKELSA\'s control, the Member may be entitled to service
credits or other remedies as specified in Schedule B.

**8. REGISTERED OFFICE AND VIRTUAL OFFICE SERVICES**

8.1. **Registered Office Address Usage**:

\(a\) If specified in Schedule A, the Member may use the address of the
Premises as its registered office address for corporate registration
purposes;

\(b\) SKELSA shall provide the Member with:

\(i\) A No Objection Certificate (NOC) for company registration;

\(ii\) Confirmation letters or other documentation required by the
Registrar of Companies, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or other
regulatory authorities;

\(iii\) Display of the Member\'s name on the building directory or other
appropriate location at the Premises; and

\(iv\) Acknowledgment of the Member\'s registered office status to
visitors, officials, or others who may inquire.

\(c\) The Member shall:

\(i\) Use the registered office address only for legitimate business
purposes;

\(ii\) Promptly update SKELSA regarding any changes in its registration
status or corporate identity;

\(iii\) Notify SKELSA in advance of any official inspections or visits
related to its registered office status; and

\(iv\) Provide SKELSA with copies of all filings made with the address
of the Premises.

\(d\) The right to use the address as a registered office shall
terminate automatically upon termination of this Agreement, and the
Member shall promptly update its registered address with all relevant
authorities.

8.2. **GST Registration Address Usage**:

\(a\) If specified in Schedule A, the Member may use the address of the
Premises for Goods and Services Tax (GST) registration purposes;

\(b\) SKELSA shall provide the Member with:

\(i\) A No Objection Certificate (NOC) for GST registration;

\(ii\) Confirmation letters or other documentation required by GST
authorities;

\(iii\) Appropriate facilities for GST inspections, if required; and

\(iv\) Acknowledgment of the Member\'s GST registration status to
officials who may inquire.

\(c\) The Member shall:

\(i\) Use the GST registration address only for legitimate business
purposes;

\(ii\) Promptly update SKELSA regarding any changes in its GST
registration status;

\(iii\) Notify SKELSA in advance of any GST inspections or visits; and

\(iv\) Provide SKELSA with copies of its GST registration certificate
and major filings.

\(d\) The right to use the address for GST registration shall terminate
automatically upon termination of this Agreement, and the Member shall
promptly update its GST registration address.

8.3. **Virtual Office Services**:

\(a\) If specified in Schedule A, SKELSA shall provide virtual office
services to the Member, which may include:

\(i\) Mail and package handling as described in Clause 7.4;

\(ii\) Call answering and forwarding services during SKELSA\'s standard
business hours;

\(iii\) Use of the address of the Premises on business cards,
letterheads, websites, and other business communications;

\(iv\) Access to meeting rooms and day passes as specified in Schedule
A; and

\(v\) Receptionist services for greeting visitors.

\(b\) The Member acknowledges that:

\(i\) Virtual office services are distinct from membership rights that
include dedicated physical workspace;

\(ii\) Availability of meeting rooms and day passes is subject to
advance booking and availability; and

\(iii\) SKELSA may establish reasonable limits on the volume of mail,
calls, or visitors that can be accommodated under virtual office
services.

\(c\) SKELSA shall maintain the confidentiality of the Member\'s
business communications and shall handle all interactions with the
Member\'s clients, suppliers, or other contacts in a professional
manner.

8.4. **Compliance with Regulations**:

\(a\) The Member shall ensure that its use of the Premises\' address for
registered office, GST registration, or virtual office purposes complies
with all applicable laws, regulations, and guidelines;

\(b\) The Member shall be responsible for:

\(i\) Maintaining all required business licenses, permits, and
registrations;

\(ii\) Filing all necessary returns, reports, and other documents with
relevant authorities;

\(iii\) Responding to any official inquiries, notices, or demands
related to its business; and

\(iv\) Ensuring that its business activities conducted using the
Premises\' address are lawful and ethical.

\(c\) SKELSA reserves the right to:

\(i\) Request information or documentation to verify the Member\'s
compliance with applicable regulations;

\(ii\) Refuse to provide registered office or virtual office services
for business activities that SKELSA reasonably believes to be unlawful,
unethical, or reputationally harmful; and

\(iii\) Terminate registered office or virtual office services if the
Member\'s activities result in an unusually high volume of official
inquiries, inspections, or complaints.

**9. MEMBER\'S OBLIGATIONS**

9.1. **Compliance with Laws**:

\(a\) The Member shall comply with all applicable laws, regulations, and
guidelines in connection with its use of the Workspaces and Services;

\(b\) This includes, but is not limited to, compliance with:

\(i\) Health and safety regulations;

\(ii\) Fire safety requirements;

\(iii\) Environmental protection regulations;

\(iv\) Data protection and privacy laws;

\(v\) Intellectual property laws;

\(vi\) Labor and employment laws; and

\(vii\) Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws.

\(c\) The Member shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining all
licenses, permits, and approvals required for its business activities
conducted at the Premises.

9.2. **Use Restrictions**:

\(a\) The Member shall not use the Workspaces or Services for any
purpose that:

\(i\) Is unlawful, immoral, or unethical;

\(ii\) Creates nuisance, disturbance, or inconvenience to SKELSA, other
members, or neighbors of the Premises;

\(iii\) Causes damage to the Premises or its fixtures, fittings, or
equipment;

\(iv\) Harms or potentially harms the Biophilic Elements;

\(v\) Poses a health or safety risk to any person;

\(vi\) Violates the House Rules; or

\(vii\) Is outside the scope of normal office or professional use.

\(b\) The Member shall not, without SKELSA\'s prior written consent:

\(i\) Make any alterations or additions to the Workspaces, except as
permitted under Clause 6.3;

\(ii\) Affix anything to the walls, floors, ceilings, or other surfaces,
except on designated display areas or bulletin boards;

\(iii\) Install any furniture, fixtures, or equipment that are not
compatible with the Premises\' design or technical specifications;

\(iv\) Bring any hazardous materials, dangerous substances, or weapons
onto the Premises;

\(v\) Operate any heavy machinery or equipment that may cause excessive
noise, vibration, or floor loading;

\(vi\) Conduct retail sales or direct customer service operations from
the Premises; or

\(vii\) Host public events without proper coordination with SKELSA.

\(c\) The Member shall ensure that its Authorized Users are aware of and
comply with these use restrictions.

9.3. **Biophilic Environment Respect**:

\(a\) The Member shall respect and preserve the biophilic environment of
the Premises by:

\(i\) Not interfering with the Biophilic Elements;

\(ii\) Using environmentally friendly and non-toxic cleaning products,
office supplies, and personal care products whenever possible;

\(iii\) Participating in SKELSA\'s waste segregation and recycling
programs;

\(iv\) Minimizing unnecessary resource consumption, including water,
electricity, and disposable items;

\(v\) Promptly reporting any issues that may affect plant health, water
features, or other Biophilic Elements; and

\(vi\) Being mindful of the sensitivities of natural materials and
living systems.

\(b\) The Member shall educate its Authorized Users about the importance
of respecting the biophilic environment and shall encourage sustainable
practices.

9.4. **Security and Safety**:

\(a\) The Member shall cooperate with SKELSA\'s security and safety
protocols, including:

\(i\) Proper use of Access Credentials;

\(ii\) Participation in emergency drills and evacuations;

\(iii\) Compliance with access control procedures for visitors;

\(iv\) Reporting of suspicious activities or security concerns;

\(v\) Securing valuable items in designated storage areas;

\(vi\) Proper locking of Dedicated Office Space when not in use; and

\(vii\) Adherence to fire safety guidelines.

\(b\) The Member shall not compromise security by:

\(i\) Propping open doors or disabling access control systems;

\(ii\) Sharing Access Credentials with unauthorized persons;

\(iii\) Allowing unauthorized persons to follow Authorized Users into
secure areas;

\(iv\) Tampering with security cameras, alarms, fire detection systems,
or other safety equipment; or\
(v) Creating physical hazards or obstacles that may impede emergency
evacuation.

\(c\) The Member acknowledges that while SKELSA implements reasonable
security measures, SKELSA is not liable for theft, loss, or damage to
the Member\'s property unless caused by SKELSA\'s gross negligence or
willful misconduct.

9.5. **Insurance**:

\(a\) The Member shall maintain, throughout the Membership Term:

\(i\) Commercial general liability insurance with coverage of at least
INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per occurrence;

\(ii\) Property insurance covering the Member\'s furniture, equipment,
and other property at the Premises;

\(iii\) Workers\' compensation insurance as required by law; and

\(iv\) Any other insurance reasonably required by SKELSA or customary
for the Member\'s type of business.

\(b\) All insurance policies shall:

\(i\) Be issued by reputable insurance companies licensed to do business
in India;

\(ii\) Name SKELSA as an additional insured (for liability insurance);

\(iii\) Contain a waiver of subrogation in favor of SKELSA; and

\(iv\) Provide that they cannot be cancelled or materially modified
without at least thirty (30) days\' prior written notice to SKELSA.

\(c\) The Member shall provide SKELSA with certificates of insurance
evidencing the required coverage before the Effective Date and upon each
renewal of such policies.

9.6. **Network and IT Usage**:

\(a\) The Member shall use SKELSA\'s network and IT infrastructure
responsibly and securely, including:

\(i\) Not engaging in any activity that may compromise network security
or stability;

\(ii\) Not using excessive bandwidth for non-business purposes;

\(iii\) Not accessing, downloading, or distributing any illegal,
offensive, or harmful content;

\(iv\) Maintaining appropriate security measures on their own devices,
including antivirus software and regular security updates;

\(v\) Not connecting unauthorized network equipment (such as routers,
switches, or wireless access points) to SKELSA\'s network; and

\(vi\) Promptly reporting any suspected security incidents or network
issues.

\(b\) The Member acknowledges that SKELSA may:

\(i\) Monitor network usage for security, capacity planning, and policy
compliance purposes;

\(ii\) Implement reasonable restrictions on bandwidth usage or specific
applications;

\(iii\) Require authentication or registration of devices before
connecting to the network; and

\(iv\) Disconnect devices that pose a security risk or violate network
usage policies.

9.7. **Feedback and Communication**:

\(a\) The Member shall:

\(i\) Provide timely feedback to SKELSA regarding the Workspaces and
Services;

\(ii\) Promptly report any issues, defects, or maintenance requirements;

\(iii\) Participate in periodic member satisfaction surveys;

\(iv\) Maintain updated contact information for communications from
SKELSA; and

\(v\) Designate a primary point of contact for administrative matters.

\(b\) The Member acknowledges that effective communication is essential
for maintaining a productive and harmonious workspace environment.

### 10. SKELSA\'S OBLIGATIONS

10.1. **Provision of Workspaces and Services**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall provide the Workspaces and Services in accordance
with this Agreement and Schedule A and Schedule B;

\(b\) SKELSA shall:

\(i\) Maintain the Premises in good repair and clean condition;

\(ii\) Ensure all building systems (HVAC, electrical, plumbing, etc.)
are in proper working order;

\(iii\) Provide adequate lighting, heating, cooling, and ventilation;

\(iv\) Maintain the Biophilic Elements in healthy condition;

\(v\) Ensure proper functioning of elevators, access control systems,
and other building facilities; and

\(vi\) Promptly address maintenance issues and repair requests.

10.2. **Biophilic Environment Maintenance**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall maintain the biophilic environment of the Premises,
including:

\(i\) Regular care and maintenance of all plants, living walls, and
other vegetation;

\(ii\) Proper operation and maintenance of water features and irrigation
systems;

\(iii\) Integrated pest management using environmentally friendly
methods;

\(iv\) Monitoring and optimization of humidity, temperature, and air
quality;

\(v\) Seasonal adjustments to plant care routines; and

\(vi\) Replacement of damaged or unhealthy Biophilic Elements.

\(b\) SKELSA shall engage qualified professionals for specialized
biophilic maintenance tasks and shall schedule such maintenance to
minimize disruption to the Member\'s activities.

10.3. **Security and Safety**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall implement reasonable security and safety measures,
including:

\(i\) Access control systems for the Premises;

\(ii\) CCTV surveillance of common areas and entry points;

\(iii\) Fire detection and suppression systems;

\(iv\) Emergency evacuation plans and signage;

\(v\) First aid facilities and trained personnel;

\(vi\) Regular safety inspections and hazard assessments; and

\(vii\) Security personnel as appropriate for the size and nature of the
Premises.

\(b\) SKELSA shall:

\(i\) Promptly respond to security incidents or safety concerns;

\(ii\) Conduct regular testing and maintenance of safety equipment;

\(iii\) Organize periodic emergency drills;

\(iv\) Update security protocols based on evolving threats and best
practices; and

\(v\) Provide the Member with information about security procedures and
emergency protocols.

10.4. **Network Infrastructure**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall provide and maintain robust network infrastructure,
including:

\(i\) High-speed internet connectivity with appropriate bandwidth for
business operations;

\(ii\) Secure wireless access throughout the Premises;

\(iii\) Wired network connections in Dedicated Office Spaces;

\(iv\) Network security measures such as firewalls, intrusion detection,
and content filtering;

\(v\) Backup connectivity options in case of primary service disruption;
and

\(vi\) Technical support for network-related issues.

\(b\) SKELSA shall monitor network performance and capacity, and shall
make upgrades as necessary to maintain service quality.

10.5. **Community Development**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall foster a collaborative community environment,
including:

\(i\) Organizing regular networking events, workshops, and
knowledge-sharing sessions;

\(ii\) Facilitating introductions between members with complementary
interests or capabilities;

\(iii\) Creating platforms for member communication and collaboration;

\(iv\) Curating wellness and professional development programs; and

\(v\) Celebrating member achievements and milestones.

\(b\) SKELSA shall seek member input on community programming and shall
be responsive to evolving community needs and interests.

10.6. **Compliance with Laws**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall comply with all applicable laws, regulations, and
guidelines in connection with the operation of the Premises and
provision of the Workspaces and Services;

\(b\) This includes, but is not limited to, compliance with:

\(i\) Building codes and occupancy regulations;

\(ii\) Health and safety regulations;

\(iii\) Fire safety requirements;

\(iv\) Environmental protection regulations;

\(v\) Data protection and privacy laws;

\(vi\) Labor and employment laws; and

\(vii\) Anti-discrimination laws.

\(c\) SKELSA shall obtain and maintain all licenses, permits, and
approvals required for the operation of the Premises.

10.7. **Insurance**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall maintain, throughout the Membership Term:

\(i\) Commercial general liability insurance with coverage of at least
INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per occurrence;

\(ii\) Property insurance covering the Premises and SKELSA\'s furniture,
fixtures, and equipment;

\(iii\) Business interruption insurance;

\(iv\) Workers\' compensation insurance as required by law; and

\(v\) Any other insurance customary for the operation of a premium
coworking space.

\(b\) SKELSA shall provide the Member with certificates of insurance
evidencing the required coverage upon request.

### 11. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

11.1. **Member\'s Representations and Warranties**:

\(a\) The Member represents and warrants that:

\(i\) It is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under
the laws of its jurisdiction of organization;

\(ii\) It has full power and authority to enter into and perform its
obligations under this Agreement;

\(iii\) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid, and binding
obligation of the Member, enforceable against it in accordance with its
terms;

\(iv\) The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement by the
Member does not violate any law, regulation, or agreement to which the
Member is a party or by which it is bound;

\(v\) It has obtained all licenses, permits, and approvals required for
the conduct of its business;

\(vi\) It shall conduct its business in a lawful and ethical manner; and

\(vii\) All information provided to SKELSA in connection with this
Agreement is true, accurate, and complete in all material respects.

11.2. **SKELSA\'s Representations and Warranties**:

\(a\) SKELSA represents and warrants that:

\(i\) It is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under
the laws of India;

\(ii\) It has full power and authority to enter into and perform its
obligations under this Agreement;

\(iii\) This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid, and binding
obligation of SKELSA, enforceable against it in accordance with its
terms;

\(iv\) The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement by
SKELSA does not violate any law, regulation, or agreement to which
SKELSA is a party or by which it is bound;

\(v\) It has obtained all licenses, permits, and approvals required for
the operation of the Premises and provision of the Workspaces and
Services;

\(vi\) It has good and marketable title to, or valid leasehold interest
in, the Premises; and

\(vii\) The Premises comply with all applicable building codes, health
and safety regulations, and accessibility requirements.

11.3. **Disclaimer of Warranties**:

\(a\) Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, SKELSA makes no
representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding the
Workspaces, Services, or Premises, including but not limited to any
implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
or non-infringement;

\(b\) SKELSA does not warrant that the Services will be uninterrupted or
error-free, or that the Workspaces will be suitable for the Member\'s
specific business needs;

\(c\) The Member acknowledges that it has made its own investigation and
determination regarding the suitability of the Workspaces and Services
for its business purposes.

### 12. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

12.1. **SKELSA\'s Intellectual Property**:

\(a\) All Intellectual Property Rights in and to the \"Skelsa\" name,
logo, trademarks, service marks, trade dress, website, mobile
applications, technology platform, promotional materials, and other
proprietary materials (collectively, \"SKELSA\'s IP\") shall remain the
exclusive property of SKELSA;

\(b\) The Member shall not:

\(i\) Use SKELSA\'s IP without SKELSA\'s prior written consent, except
as expressly permitted under this Agreement;

\(ii\) Modify, alter, or create derivative works based on SKELSA\'s IP;

\(iii\) Challenge the validity or ownership of SKELSA\'s IP; or

\(iv\) Register or attempt to register any trademarks, service marks,
domain names, or social media accounts that incorporate or are
confusingly similar to SKELSA\'s IP.

\(c\) SKELSA grants the Member a limited, non-exclusive,
non-transferable, revocable license to use the \"Skelsa\" name and logo
solely for the purpose of identifying the location of the Member\'s
office to its clients, customers, and business partners during the
Membership Term.

12.2. **Member\'s Intellectual Property**:

\(a\) All Intellectual Property Rights in and to the Member\'s name,
logo, trademarks, service marks, trade dress, website, mobile
applications, technology, products, services, and other proprietary
materials (collectively, \"Member\'s IP\") shall remain the exclusive
property of the Member;

\(b\) SKELSA shall not:

\(i\) Use the Member\'s IP without the Member\'s prior written consent,
except as expressly permitted under this Agreement;

\(ii\) Modify, alter, or create derivative works based on the Member\'s
IP;

\(iii\) Challenge the validity or ownership of the Member\'s IP; or

\(iv\) Register or attempt to register any trademarks, service marks,
domain names, or social media accounts that incorporate or are
confusingly similar to the Member\'s IP.

\(c\) The Member grants SKELSA a limited, non-exclusive,
non-transferable, revocable license to use the Member\'s name and logo
for the purpose of:

\(i\) Identifying the Member as a member of SKELSA in SKELSA\'s member
directory, website, and promotional materials;

\(ii\) Creating signage, access cards, and other materials necessary for
the provision of the Workspaces and Services; and

\(iii\) Other purposes expressly authorized by the Member in writing.

12.3. **Member Content**:

\(a\) If the Member creates, publishes, or displays content within the
Premises (such as presentations, displays, or digital content on shared
screens), the Member shall ensure that such content:

\(i\) Does not infringe any third party\'s Intellectual Property Rights;

\(ii\) Is not defamatory, obscene, or otherwise inappropriate for a
professional workspace; and

\(iii\) Complies with all applicable laws and regulations.

\(b\) The Member shall be solely responsible for securing any necessary
licenses, permissions, or consents for the use of third-party content.

### 13. CONFIDENTIALITY

13.1. **Confidential Information**:

\(a\) \"Confidential Information\" means all non-public information
disclosed by one Party (the \"Disclosing Party\") to the other Party
(the \"Receiving Party\") in connection with this Agreement, whether
orally, in writing, or by other means, that is designated as
confidential or that reasonably should be understood to be confidential
given the nature of the information and the circumstances of disclosure;

\(b\) Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to:

\(i\) Business plans, strategies, forecasts, and financial information;

\(ii\) Customer and supplier lists and information;

\(iii\) Product and service specifications, designs, and development
plans;

\(iv\) Technical information, know-how, and trade secrets;

\(v\) The terms and conditions of this Agreement; and

\(vi\) Any other information that would reasonably be considered
proprietary, confidential, or commercially valuable.

\(c\) Confidential Information does not include information that:

\(i\) Is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a
result of disclosure by the Receiving Party or its representatives;

\(ii\) Was known by the Receiving Party prior to its disclosure by the
Disclosing Party;

\(iii\) Becomes available to the Receiving Party on a non-confidential
basis from a source other than the Disclosing Party, provided that such
source is not bound by a confidentiality agreement with the Disclosing
Party; or

\(iv\) Is independently developed by the Receiving Party without
reference to or use of the Disclosing Party\'s Confidential Information.

13.2. **Confidentiality Obligations**:

\(a\) The Receiving Party shall:

\(i\) Maintain the confidentiality of the Disclosing Party\'s
Confidential Information with at least the same degree of care that it
uses to protect its own confidential information, but in no case less
than reasonable care;

\(ii\) Not disclose the Confidential Information to any third party,
except to its directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors, or
representatives who need to know such information for the purposes of
this Agreement and who are bound by confidentiality obligations at least
as restrictive as those in this Agreement;

\(iii\) Use the Confidential Information only for the purposes of
performing its obligations or exercising its rights under this
Agreement;

\(iv\) Take all reasonable measures to prevent unauthorized access to or
use of the Confidential Information; and

\(v\) Promptly notify the Disclosing Party of any unauthorized
disclosure or use of the Confidential Information of which it becomes
aware.

\(b\) The Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information to the
extent required by law, regulation, or court order, provided that the
Receiving Party:

\(i\) Gives the Disclosing Party prompt written notice of such
requirement prior to disclosure, if legally permitted;

\(ii\) Cooperates with the Disclosing Party\'s efforts to limit or
contest such disclosure or obtain a protective order; and

\(iii\) Discloses only that portion of the Confidential Information that
it is legally required to disclose.

13.3. **Remedies**:

\(a\) Both Parties acknowledge that monetary damages may not be a
sufficient remedy for unauthorized disclosure of Confidential
Information and that the Disclosing Party shall be entitled, without
waiving any other rights or remedies, to seek injunctive or equitable
relief to prevent or mitigate any breach of this Clause 13.

13.4. **Survival**:

\(a\) The obligations under this Clause 13 shall survive the termination
of this Agreement for a period of three (3) years.

### 14. TERMINATION

14.1. **Termination for Convenience**:

\(a\) After the Lock-in Period, either Party may terminate this
Agreement for convenience by providing at least \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ days\'
written notice to the other Party.

14.2. **Termination for Cause**:

\(a\) Either Party may terminate this Agreement with immediate effect by
written notice to the other Party if:

\(i\) The other Party commits a material breach of this Agreement that
is not capable of remedy;

\(ii\) The other Party commits a material breach of this Agreement that
is capable of remedy but fails to remedy such breach within thirty (30)
days after receiving written notice requiring it to do so;

\(iii\) The other Party becomes insolvent, bankrupt, enters into
liquidation or receivership, makes an assignment for the benefit of
creditors, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they
become due; or

\(iv\) The other Party ceases to carry on business.

\(b\) SKELSA may terminate this Agreement with immediate effect by
written notice to the Member if:

\(i\) The Member fails to pay any amount due under this Agreement within
fifteen (15) days after receiving written notice that payment is
overdue;

\(ii\) The Member uses the Workspaces or Services for any unlawful
purpose or in violation of the use restrictions in Clause 9.2;

\(iii\) The Member causes material damage to the Premises or persistent
disruption to SKELSA or other members;

\(iv\) The Member repeatedly violates the House Rules despite warnings;
or

\(v\) Any Authorized User engages in harassing, discriminatory, or
threatening behavior toward SKELSA staff or other members.

\(c\) The Member may terminate this Agreement with immediate effect by
written notice to SKELSA if:

\(i\) SKELSA fails to provide access to the Workspaces for a period
exceeding five (5) consecutive Business Days, unless due to
circumstances beyond SKELSA\'s reasonable control;

\(ii\) The Premises become unusable for the Member\'s business purposes
due to damage, destruction, or government action;

\(iii\) SKELSA loses its legal right to occupy or use the Premises; or

\(iv\) SKELSA repeatedly fails to provide the Services specified in
Schedule B despite warnings.

14.3. **Consequences of Termination**:

\(a\) Upon termination of this Agreement:

\(i\) The Member\'s right to access and use the Workspaces and Services
shall immediately cease;

\(ii\) The Member shall remove all of its property from the Workspaces
by the termination date;

\(iii\) The Member shall return all Access Credentials and other SKELSA
property in its possession;

\(iv\) The Member shall pay all outstanding Fees and additional charges
up to the termination date;

\(v\) SKELSA shall refund the Security Deposit, less any permitted
deductions, within \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ days after the termination date;

\(vi\) The Member shall cease using the Premises\' address for its
business operations, correspondence, and advertising, and shall update
its registered address with relevant authorities if applicable;

\(vii\) SKELSA shall forward the Member\'s mail for a period of
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ days after termination, provided the Member provides a
forwarding address and pays any applicable mail forwarding fees; and

\(viii\) Both Parties shall comply with their respective
post-termination obligations under this Agreement.

\(b\) If the Member fails to remove its property from the Workspaces by
the termination date:

\(i\) SKELSA may, at its discretion, remove and store such property at
the Member\'s expense;

\(ii\) If the Member does not claim such property within thirty (30)
days after termination, SKELSA may dispose of it as it deems
appropriate, with no liability to the Member; and

\(iii\) SKELSA may charge the Member a reasonable fee for continued
occupation of the Workspaces, calculated on a daily basis.

\(c\) Termination of this Agreement shall not affect any rights,
remedies, obligations, or liabilities of the Parties that have accrued
up to the date of termination.

14.4. **Survival**:

\(a\) The following provisions shall survive the termination of this
Agreement: Clause 5 (Fees and Payment) to the extent that amounts remain
unpaid; Clause 12 (Intellectual Property); Clause 13 (Confidentiality);
Clause 14.3 (Consequences of Termination); Clause 15 (Limitation of
Liability); Clause 16 (Indemnification); Clause 17 (Dispute Resolution);
and any other provisions that by their nature are intended to survive
termination.

### 15. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

15.1. **Exclusion of Certain Damages**:

\(a\) Neither Party shall be liable to the other Party for any indirect,
incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages, including but
not limited to loss of profits, revenue, business opportunity, goodwill,
or data, even if such Party has been advised of the possibility of such
damages.

15.2. **Liability Cap**:

\(a\) Each Party\'s maximum aggregate liability to the other Party under
or in connection with this Agreement, whether in contract, tort
(including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, shall
not exceed the total amount of Membership Fees paid or payable by the
Member to SKELSA during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the
event giving rise to the liability.

15.3. **Exceptions**:

\(a\) Nothing in this Agreement shall limit or exclude either Party\'s
liability for:

\(i\) Death or personal injury caused by its negligence;

\(ii\) Fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;

\(iii\) Breach of the terms implied by section 12 of the Sale of Goods
Act, 1930 or section 2 of the Consumer Protection Act, 2019;

\(iv\) Any matter for which it would be unlawful to exclude or restrict
liability; or

\(v\) Willful misconduct or gross negligence.

15.4. **Member\'s Property**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall not be liable for any loss, theft, or damage to the
Member\'s property at the Premises, unless caused by SKELSA\'s gross
negligence or willful misconduct;

\(b\) The Member acknowledges that it is responsible for obtaining
appropriate insurance coverage for its property.

15.5. **Service Interruptions**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall not be liable for any interruption or failure in the
provision of utilities, network connectivity, or other services that are
beyond SKELSA\'s reasonable control;

\(b\) In the event of a service interruption within SKELSA\'s control
that materially affects the Member\'s use of the Workspaces, the
Member\'s sole remedy shall be service credits as specified in Schedule
B.

15.6. **Third-Party Services**:

\(a\) SKELSA may recommend or facilitate access to third-party service
providers, but shall not be liable for any acts, omissions, or services
of such third parties;

\(b\) The Member\'s use of third-party services shall be subject to the
terms and conditions of such third parties.

### 16. INDEMNIFICATION

16.1. **Member\'s Indemnification**:

\(a\) The Member shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless SKELSA, its
directors, officers, employees, agents, and affiliates from and against
any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs, and expenses
(including reasonable attorneys\' fees) arising out of or relating to:

\(i\) The Member\'s breach of this Agreement;

\(ii\) The Member\'s violation of any law, regulation, or third-party
rights;

\(iii\) The Member\'s use of the Workspaces or Services;

\(iv\) Any acts, omissions, or negligence of the Member or its
Authorized Users at the Premises;

\(v\) Damage to the Premises, its fixtures, or equipment caused by the
Member or its Authorized Users; or

\(vi\) Any claim by a third party relating to the Member\'s business
activities conducted at the Premises.

16.2. **SKELSA\'s Indemnification**:

\(a\) SKELSA shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Member, its
directors, officers, employees, agents, and affiliates from and against
any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs, and expenses
(including reasonable attorneys\' fees) arising out of or relating to:

\(i\) SKELSA\'s breach of this Agreement;

\(ii\) SKELSA\'s violation of any law, regulation, or third-party
rights;

\(iii\) Any acts, omissions, or negligence of SKELSA or its employees at
the Premises; or

\(iv\) Any claim that the Member\'s authorized use of SKELSA\'s IP
infringes the Intellectual Property Rights of a third party.

16.3. **Indemnification Procedure**:

\(a\) The indemnified party shall:

\(i\) Promptly notify the indemnifying party in writing of any claim for
which it seeks indemnification;

\(ii\) Give the indemnifying party sole control over the defense and
settlement of such claim, provided that the indemnifying party shall not
settle any claim in a manner that adversely affects the indemnified
party\'s rights without the indemnified party\'s prior written consent;
and

\(iii\) Provide reasonable cooperation to the indemnifying party at the
indemnifying party\'s expense.

\(b\) The indemnified party may participate in the defense of any claim
at its own expense with counsel of its choosing.

### 17. DISPUTE RESOLUTION

17.1. **Amicable Resolution**:

\(a\) If any dispute arises between the Parties in connection with this
Agreement, the Parties shall attempt to resolve such dispute amicably
through good faith negotiations within thirty (30) days from the date on
which either Party notifies the other of the dispute.

17.2. **Mediation**:

\(a\) If the Parties are unable to resolve the dispute through
negotiations within the thirty (30) day period, either Party may refer
the dispute to mediation by a neutral mediator agreed upon by both
Parties;

\(b\) The mediation shall be conducted in accordance with the Mediation
Rules of the Indian Institute of Arbitration and Mediation;

\(c\) The mediation shall take place in Bengaluru, Karnataka, India;

\(d\) The costs of mediation shall be borne equally by the Parties.

17.3. **Arbitration**:

\(a\) If the dispute is not resolved through mediation within sixty (60)
days of the appointment of the mediator, or such further period as the
Parties may agree in writing, the dispute shall be referred to and
finally resolved by arbitration;

\(b\) The arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the
Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996, as amended from time to time;

\(c\) The arbitration tribunal shall consist of a sole arbitrator
appointed by mutual agreement of the Parties. If the Parties cannot
agree on the appointment of the arbitrator within thirty (30) days, the
arbitrator shall be appointed by the High Court of Karnataka;

\(d\) The seat and venue of arbitration shall be Bengaluru, Karnataka,
India;

\(e\) The language of arbitration shall be English;

\(f\) The arbitration award shall be final and binding on the Parties.

17.4. **Interim Relief**:

\(a\) Nothing in this Clause 17 shall prevent either Party from seeking
interim relief from a court of competent jurisdiction to protect its
rights or interests pending the outcome of negotiations, mediation, or
arbitration.

17.5. **Continued Performance**:

\(a\) During any dispute resolution process, both Parties shall continue
to perform their respective obligations under this Agreement to the
extent practicable, except where the dispute directly affects such
obligations.

### 18. FORCE MAJEURE

18.1. Neither Party shall be liable for any failure or delay in
performing its obligations under this Agreement (other than payment
obligations) if such failure or delay is due to events beyond its
reasonable control, including but not limited to acts of God, natural
disasters, epidemics, pandemics, quarantines, fire, flood, earthquake,
explosion, war, terrorism, invasion, riot, civil unrest, rebellion,
revolution, insurrection, military or usurped power, strike, lockout or
other labor dispute, law, order, regulation or restriction of any
government or governmental authority (\"Force Majeure Events\").

18.2. The Party affected by a Force Majeure Event shall:

\(a\) Promptly notify the other Party in writing of the nature and
extent of the Force Majeure Event;

\(b\) Use reasonable efforts to mitigate the impact of the Force Majeure
Event and resume performance of its obligations as soon as reasonably
practicable; and

\(c\) Keep the other Party informed of developments relating to the
Force Majeure Event.

18.3. If a Force Majeure Event continues for a period of more than
thirty (30) consecutive days:

\(a\) The Parties shall discuss in good faith any modifications to this
Agreement that may be necessary or appropriate;

\(b\) If the Force Majeure Event significantly affects SKELSA\'s ability
to provide the Workspaces or Services, SKELSA may offer the Member
alternative arrangements, such as temporary relocation to another
facility, virtual office services, or fee adjustments; and

\(c\) If no mutually acceptable solution can be found within sixty (60)
days from the commencement of the Force Majeure Event, either Party may
terminate this Agreement by providing written notice to the other Party,
without liability for such termination.

### 19. NOTICES

19.1. All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers, and
other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall
be deemed to have been given:

\(a\) When delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt);

\(b\) When received by the addressee if sent by a nationally recognized
overnight courier (receipt requested);

\(c\) On the date sent by email (with confirmation of transmission) if
sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next
Business Day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient; or

\(d\) On the third day after the date mailed, by registered or certified
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid.

19.2. Such communications must be sent to the respective Parties at the
following addresses:

\(a\) If to SKELSA:

Skelsa Private Limited

\[ADDRESS\]

Attention: \[NAME/TITLE\]

Email: \[EMAIL\]

\(b\) If to the Member:

\[MEMBER NAME\]

\[ADDRESS\]

Attention: \[NAME/TITLE\]

Email: \[EMAIL\]

19.3. Either Party may change its address for notices by giving written
notice to the other Party in accordance with this Clause 19.

### 20. MISCELLANEOUS

20.1. **Entire Agreement**:

\(a\) This Agreement, together with all schedules and exhibits,
constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the
subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous
agreements, understandings, negotiations, and discussions, whether oral
or written, between the Parties.

20.2. **Amendment and Modification**:

\(a\) This Agreement may only be amended, modified, or supplemented by a
written agreement signed by both Parties, except as otherwise expressly
provided in this Agreement.

20.3. **Waiver**:

\(a\) No waiver by either Party of any of the provisions of this
Agreement shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and
signed by the waiving Party;

\(b\) No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy,
power, or privilege hereunder shall operate or be construed as a waiver
thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy,
power, or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise
thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege.

20.4. **Severability**:

\(a\) If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or
unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this
Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision
in any other jurisdiction;

\(b\) Upon a determination that any term or provision is invalid,
illegal, or unenforceable, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to
modify this Agreement to give effect to the original intent of the
Parties as closely as possible in order that the transactions
contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the
greatest extent possible.

20.5. **Assignment**:

\(a\) The Member shall not assign, transfer, delegate, or subcontract
any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior
written consent of SKELSA;

\(b\) SKELSA may assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations
under this Agreement without the Member\'s consent:

\(i\) To an affiliate or subsidiary;

\(ii\) To an acquirer of all or substantially all of SKELSA\'s assets or
business; or

\(iii\) As part of a corporate reorganization, consolidation, merger, or
sale of substantially all of its shares.

\(c\) This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the
benefit of the Parties and their respective permitted successors and
assigns.

20.6. **Relationship of the Parties**:

\(a\) Nothing in this Agreement is intended to create a partnership,
joint venture, agency, or employment relationship between the Parties;

\(b\) Neither Party shall have the authority to bind the other Party or
to incur any obligation on behalf of the other Party.

20.7. **No Third-Party Beneficiaries**:

\(a\) This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the Parties and their
respective permitted successors and assigns, and nothing herein, express
or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other person or
entity any legal or equitable right, benefit, or remedy of any nature
whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

20.8. **Governing Law**:

\(a\) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of India, without giving effect to any choice or conflict
of law provision or rule.

20.9. **Jurisdiction**:

\(a\) Subject to Clause 17 (Dispute Resolution), the courts of
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any
dispute, controversy, or claim arising out of or relating to this
Agreement.

20.10. **Counterparts**:

\(a\) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall be deemed
to be one and the same agreement;

\(b\) A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by email or other
electronic means shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as
delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement.

20.11. **Interpretation**:

\(a\) This Agreement shall be construed without regard to any
presumption or rule requiring construction or interpretation against the
Party drafting an instrument;

\(b\) The schedules, exhibits, and attachments referred to herein shall
be construed with, and as an integral part of, this Agreement to the
same extent as if they were set forth verbatim herein.

20.12. **Language**:

\(a\) This Agreement has been executed in the English language, which
shall be the binding and controlling language for all matters relating
to the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

20.13. **Time of the Essence**:

\(a\) Time is of the essence with respect to all provisions of this
Agreement that specify a time for performance.

20.14. **Cumulative Remedies**:

\(a\) The rights and remedies under this Agreement are cumulative and
are in addition to and not in substitution for any other rights and
remedies available at law or in equity or otherwise.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the
Effective Date.

**SKELSA PRIVATE LIMITED** By:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Name:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Title:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Date:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

**\[ENTERPRISE MEMBER NAME\]** By:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Name:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Title:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Date:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

**SCHEDULE A - MEMBERSHIP DETAILS**

1.  **Membership Type**: Enterprise Membership

2.  **Membership Fee**: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per month (plus applicable
    taxes)

3.  **Initial Term**: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ months from the Effective Date

4.  **Lock-in Period**: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ months from the Effective Date

5.  **Security Deposit**: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (equivalent to
    \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ months\' Membership Fee)

6.  **Dedicated Office Space**:

    -   Location: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ floor, Office \#\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

    -   Size: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ sq. ft.

    -   Capacity: Up to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ persons

    -   Furniture and equipment included:

        -   \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ executive desks

        -   \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ergonomic chairs

        -   \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ filing cabinets

        -   \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ lounge seating

        -   \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ conference table with \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ chairs

        -   \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ whiteboards

        -   \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ smart TV/display

        -   \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ phone booth/privacy pod

        -   Biophilic elements (plants, living walls, natural materials)

        -   Power outlets and network connectivity points

7.  **Dedicated Desks**:

    -   Number of dedicated desks: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

    -   Location: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ floor, Area \#\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

    -   Each desk includes:

        -   Ergonomic chair

        -   Lockable storage

        -   Task lighting

        -   Power outlets

        -   Network connectivity point

8.  **Maximum Number of Authorized Users**: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

9.  **Meeting Room Credits**:

    -   \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ hours per month for standard meeting rooms

    -   \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ hours per month for premium meeting rooms

    -   \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ hours per month for event space

    -   Unused hours expire at the end of each month

    -   Additional hours available at member rates

10. **Guest Policy**:

    -   Up to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ guests per day at no additional charge

    -   Guests must be accompanied by an Authorized User at all times

    -   Guests may stay up to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ consecutive hours

    -   Meeting rooms must be booked for meetings with more than
        \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ guests

11. **Virtual Office Services** (if applicable):

    -   Use of SKELSA address for business purposes

    -   Mail and package handling

    -   Call answering and forwarding during business hours

    -   Conference room credits: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ hours per month

12. **Registered Office Address Usage** (if applicable):

    -   Permission to use SKELSA address as registered office for
        corporate registration purposes

    -   NOC and documentation provided for company registration

    -   Company name displayed on building directory

13. **GST Registration Address Usage** (if applicable):

    -   Permission to use SKELSA address for GST registration purposes

    -   NOC and documentation provided for GST registration

    -   Facilities for GST inspections

14. **Fee Adjustment**:

    -   Membership Fee subject to annual increase of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_%,
        effective on the anniversary of the Effective Date

**SCHEDULE B - SERVICES**

1.  **Basic Services** (included in Membership Fee):

> (a) **Workspace Services**:

-   24/7 access to Dedicated Office Space and/or Dedicated Desks

-   Climate control (heating and cooling)

-   Lighting and electricity

-   Regular cleaning and maintenance

-   Furniture and fixtures as specified in Schedule A

-   Biophilic environment maintenance

> (b) **Technology Services**:

-   High-speed internet connectivity (wired and wireless)

-   Basic IT support for connectivity issues

-   Printing, scanning, and copying allowance of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ pages
    per month

-   Network security

-   Access to audiovisual equipment in meeting rooms

> (c) **Amenities**:

-   Access to common areas including lounge, kitchen, and wellness areas

-   Complimentary coffee, tea, and filtered water

-   Refrigerator and microwave access

-   Secure storage facilities

-   Shower facilities

-   Bicycle storage

> (d) **Business Services**:

-   Reception services during business hours (9:00 AM to 6:00 PM, Monday
    to Friday)

-   Mail and package handling

-   Meeting room usage as per credits specified in Schedule A

-   Access to community events and programming

-   On-site community management team

> (e) **Wellness Services**:

-   Access to wellness area

-   Participation in wellness programs (yoga, meditation, etc.)

-   Ergonomic workspace design

-   Air purification and quality monitoring

-   Natural light optimization

-   Biophilic elements for stress reduction and wellbeing

2.  **Additional Services** (available at additional cost):

> (a) **Business Support Services**:

-   Administrative and secretarial services: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per hour

-   IT support beyond basic assistance: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per hour

-   Professional printing services: As per published rates

-   Translation and interpretation services: As per published rates

-   Notary and document attestation coordination: As per published rates

> (b) **Meeting and Event Services**:

-   Additional meeting room hours beyond allocated credits: INR
    \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per hour

-   Event space rental beyond allocated credits: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per
    hour

-   Catering services: As per menu and vendor rates

-   Event planning assistance: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per hour

-   Audiovisual equipment setup and support: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per hour

> (c) **Technology Services**:

-   Private VLAN setup: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

-   Dedicated bandwidth allocation: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per Mbps per
    month

-   Custom network security solutions: As per requirements

-   Video conferencing equipment rental: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per session

-   Data backup services: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per GB per month

> (d) **Convenience Services**:

-   Mail forwarding beyond basic service: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per package

-   Courier and shipping services: As per service provider rates plus
    handling fee

-   Travel booking assistance: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per booking

-   Concierge services: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per request

-   After-hours reception services: INR \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ per hour

3.  **Service Level Commitments**:

> (a) **Internet Connectivity**:

-   Availability: 99.5% during business hours

-   Minimum speed: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Mbps download, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Mbps
    upload

-   Latency: \< \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ ms to local servers

-   Resolution time for connectivity issues: Within 4 business hours

> (b) **Facilities Management**:

-   Response to maintenance requests: Within 4 business hours

-   Resolution of critical facilities issues: Within 1 business day

-   Regular cleaning: 5 times per week for Dedicated Office Space

-   Biophilic elements maintenance: Weekly

> (c) **Support Services**:

-   Reception availability: 9:00 AM to 6:00 PM, Monday to Friday

-   Response to general inquiries: Within 1 business day

-   Notification of mail and package receipt: Within 2 hours of delivery

-   Community management team availability: During business hours

> (d) **Service Credits**:

-   For internet downtime exceeding 0.5% during business hours in a
    month: 1% of monthly Membership Fee credit for each additional 0.5%
    of downtime

-   For failure to respond to maintenance requests within SLA:
    Additional meeting room credits

-   For persistent facilities issues unresolved within SLA: Daily credit
    of 1/30th of monthly Membership Fee until resolved

4.  **Service Hours**:

> (a) **Standard Business Hours**:

-   Monday to Friday: 9:00 AM to 6:00 PM

-   Saturday: 10:00 AM to 4:00 PM

-   Closed on Sundays and public holidays

> (b) **Extended Hours Services** (subject to prior arrangement):

-   After-hours reception: Available with 24 hours\' notice

-   Weekend event support: Available with 48 hours\' notice

-   Holiday access: Available to Authorized Users with valid Access
    Credentials

5.  **Service Requests and Support**:

> (a) **Support Channels**:

-   In-person: Community management desk during business hours

-   Email: support\@skelsa.com

-   Phone: \[PHONE NUMBER\]

-   Mobile app: SKELSA Member App

-   Web portal: members.skelsa.com

> (b) **Escalation Process**:

-   Level 1: Community Manager

-   Level 2: Operations Manager

-   Level 3: Center Director
