---
title: Term Sheet Template
description: Detailed content for Term Sheet Template.
---

**TERM SHEET TEMPLATE**

**SKELSA COWORKING SPACE**

**INVESTMENT/PARTNERSHIP TERM SHEET**

This non-binding Term Sheet (\"Term Sheet\") dated as of \[DATE\]
outlines the principal terms and conditions of the proposed investment
in or partnership with Skelsa Private Limited (the \"Company\") by
\[INVESTOR/PARTNER NAME\] (the \"Investor/Partner\"). This Term Sheet is
intended solely as a basis for further discussion and is not intended to
be and does not constitute a legally binding obligation except for the
provisions relating to Exclusivity, Confidentiality, and Governing Law
which shall be binding upon execution.

**1. TRANSACTION OVERVIEW**

**Company:** Skelsa Private Limited, a company incorporated under the
Companies Act, 2013, having its registered office at \[ADDRESS\],
Bengaluru, Karnataka.

**Business:** The Company operates a premium biophilic coworking space
under the brand name \"Skelsa\" that integrates natural elements into
its workspace design, offering office spaces, meeting facilities, event
venues, and virtual office services to businesses and individuals.

**Investor/Partner:** \[INVESTOR/PARTNER NAME\], a \[TYPE OF ENTITY\]
organized under the laws of \[JURISDICTION\], having its principal place
of business at \[ADDRESS\].

**Type of Transaction:** \[Select as applicable\]

-   Equity Investment

-   Strategic Partnership

-   Joint Venture

-   Franchise Agreement

-   Debt Financing

-   Revenue Sharing Agreement

**Investment/Partnership Amount:** \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\] (the
\"Investment Amount\").

**Valuation:** The pre-money valuation of the Company is \[CURRENCY\]
\[AMOUNT\], resulting in a post-money valuation of \[CURRENCY\]
\[AMOUNT\].

**Purpose of Investment/Partnership:** The Investment/Partnership is
intended to fund/facilitate:

-   Expansion of existing locations

-   Development of new locations

-   Enhancement of biophilic design elements

-   Technology platform development

-   Marketing and brand development

-   Working capital

-   \[OTHER SPECIFIC PURPOSES\]

**2. EQUITY INVESTMENT TERMS (if applicable)**

**Security:** \[TYPE OF SHARES/SECURITIES\] (the \"Shares\").

**Price Per Share:** \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\] per Share.

**Number of Shares:** \[NUMBER\] of Shares, representing \[PERCENTAGE\]%
of the Company\'s issued and outstanding shares on a fully diluted basis
post-investment.

**Board Representation:** The Investor shall be entitled to appoint
\[NUMBER\] director(s) to the Company\'s Board of Directors.

**Observer Rights:** The Investor shall be entitled to appoint
\[NUMBER\] observer(s) to attend all Board meetings in a non-voting
capacity.

**Information Rights:** The Investor shall receive:

-   Monthly financial statements within \[NUMBER\] days of month-end

-   Quarterly financial statements within \[NUMBER\] days of quarter-end

-   Annual audited financial statements within \[NUMBER\] days of fiscal
    year-end

-   Annual operating budget and business plan

-   Access to management for periodic business updates

**Liquidation Preference:** In the event of any liquidation,
dissolution, or winding up of the Company, the holders of the Shares
shall be entitled to receive \[X\] times their original investment
amount, plus any declared but unpaid dividends, before any distribution
to the holders of ordinary shares.

**Participation Rights:** \[FULL/CAPPED/NO\] participation rights.

**Anti-Dilution Protection:** \[WEIGHTED AVERAGE/FULL RATCHET\]
anti-dilution protection in the event of down-round financings.

**Protective Provisions:** The consent of holders of a majority of the
Shares shall be required for certain corporate actions, including:

-   Amendments to the Company\'s constitutional documents

-   Issuance of new securities

-   Incurrence of debt above \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\]

-   Sale or merger of the Company

-   Material change in business direction

-   Related party transactions

-   \[OTHER PROTECTIVE PROVISIONS\]

**Preemptive Rights:** The Investor shall have the right to purchase its
pro rata share of any new securities issued by the Company.

**Right of First Refusal:** The Investor shall have a right of first
refusal on any shares proposed to be sold by existing shareholders.

**Co-Sale Rights:** The Investor shall have the right to participate in
any sale of shares by the founders or other major shareholders.

**Drag-Along Rights:** If shareholders holding at least \[PERCENTAGE\]%
of the shares approve a sale of the Company, all other shareholders
shall be required to sell their shares on the same terms.

**Tag-Along Rights:** If any shareholder proposes to sell shares
representing \[PERCENTAGE\]% or more of the Company, the Investor shall
have the right to sell its shares on the same terms.

**Registration Rights:** \[DEMAND/PIGGYBACK/SHELF\] registration rights.

**3. STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP TERMS (if applicable)**

**Scope of Partnership:** The partnership shall cover:

-   \[GEOGRAPHIC REGIONS\]

-   \[SPECIFIC SERVICES\]

-   \[CUSTOMER SEGMENTS\]

-   \[TECHNOLOGY PLATFORMS\]

**Exclusivity:** \[EXCLUSIVE/NON-EXCLUSIVE\] partnership within the
defined scope.

**Revenue Sharing:** The parties shall share revenue as follows:

-   \[PERCENTAGE\]% to the Company

-   \[PERCENTAGE\]% to the Partner

**Intellectual Property:**

-   Existing IP shall remain the property of the originating party

-   Jointly developed IP shall be \[JOINTLY OWNED/OWNED BY COMPANY/OWNED
    BY PARTNER\]

-   Each party grants the other a \[EXCLUSIVE/NON-EXCLUSIVE\] license to
    use its IP for purposes of the partnership

**Marketing and Promotion:**

-   Joint marketing budget of \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\]

-   Co-branding guidelines as set forth in a separate agreement

-   Joint press releases subject to mutual approval

**Operational Responsibilities:**

-   The Company shall be responsible for \[SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES\]

-   The Partner shall be responsible for \[SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES\]

**Key Performance Indicators:**

-   \[KPI 1\] with target of \[TARGET\]

-   \[KPI 2\] with target of \[TARGET\]

-   \[KPI 3\] with target of \[TARGET\]

**Term and Renewal:** Initial term of \[NUMBER\] years, with automatic
renewal for successive \[NUMBER\] year periods unless terminated by
either party with \[NUMBER\] months\' notice.

**4. FRANCHISE AGREEMENT TERMS (if applicable)**

**Territory:** The Franchisee shall have the right to operate Skelsa
branded coworking spaces in:

-   \[GEOGRAPHIC REGIONS\]

-   \[SPECIFIC LOCATIONS\]

**Exclusivity:** \[EXCLUSIVE/NON-EXCLUSIVE\] rights within the defined
territory.

**Initial Franchise Fee:** \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\] per location.

**Ongoing Royalty Fee:** \[PERCENTAGE\]% of gross revenue, payable
\[MONTHLY/QUARTERLY\].

**Marketing Fee:** \[PERCENTAGE\]% of gross revenue to be contributed to
a brand marketing fund.

**Initial Term:** \[NUMBER\] years from the date of opening of the first
franchised location.

**Renewal Terms:** \[NUMBER\] renewal term(s) of \[NUMBER\] years each,
subject to good standing and payment of renewal fee.

**Design and Biophilic Elements:**

-   Franchisee must adhere to Skelsa\'s biophilic design standards

-   Company will provide design guidelines and specifications

-   Franchisee responsible for procurement and maintenance of biophilic
    elements

-   Company will provide training on biophilic environment maintenance

**Operational Support:**

-   Initial training program of \[NUMBER\] weeks

-   Ongoing operational support

-   Technology platform access

-   Marketing materials and guidance

-   Regular quality assessments

**Minimum Performance Requirements:**

-   Opening timeline of \[NUMBER\] months from signing

-   Minimum annual revenue of \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\]

-   Customer satisfaction score of at least \[NUMBER\]

-   \[OTHER PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS\]

**5. DEBT FINANCING TERMS (if applicable)**

**Principal Amount:** \[CURRENCY\] \[AMOUNT\].

**Interest Rate:** \[PERCENTAGE\]% per annum.

**Term:** \[NUMBER\] years from the date of funding.

**Repayment Schedule:** \[MONTHLY/QUARTERLY\] payments of \[CURRENCY\]
\[AMOUNT\], comprising principal and interest.

**Security:** The loan shall be \[SECURED/UNSECURED\]. If secured,
security shall consist of:

-   \[SPECIFIC ASSETS\]

-   \[PERSONAL GUARANTEES\]

-   \[OTHER SECURITY\]

**Prepayment:** The Company may prepay the loan in whole or in part
\[WITH/WITHOUT\] penalty.

**Financial Covenants:**

-   Debt-to-EBITDA ratio not to exceed \[RATIO\]

-   Interest coverage ratio of at least \[RATIO\]

-   Current ratio of at least \[RATIO\]

-   \[OTHER FINANCIAL COVENANTS\]

**Events of Default:**

-   Non-payment of principal or interest

-   Breach of financial covenants

-   Material adverse change

-   Change of control

-   \[OTHER EVENTS OF DEFAULT\]

**6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT**

The consummation of the proposed transaction is subject to the
satisfaction of the following conditions:

1.  Satisfactory completion of due diligence by the Investor/Partner

2.  Negotiation and execution of definitive agreements

3.  Approval by the Board of Directors and shareholders of both parties

4.  Receipt of all necessary regulatory approvals

5.  No material adverse change in the Company\'s business, operations,
    or financial condition

6.  \[OTHER CONDITIONS PRECEDENT\]

**7. DUE DILIGENCE**

The Investor/Partner shall have \[NUMBER\] days from the execution of
this Term Sheet to conduct due diligence on the Company, including but
not limited to:

1.  Review of financial statements and projections

2.  Review of material contracts and leases

3.  Intellectual property assessment

4.  Legal compliance review

5.  Management team interviews

6.  Operational assessment

7.  Market analysis

8.  Evaluation of biophilic design implementation and maintenance

9.  \[OTHER DUE DILIGENCE ITEMS\]

**8. EXCLUSIVITY**

The Company agrees that for a period of \[NUMBER\] days from the date
hereof (the \"Exclusivity Period\"), it shall not directly or
indirectly:

1.  Solicit, initiate, or encourage any inquiries or proposals for,

2.  Enter into any discussions or negotiations regarding, or

3.  Provide any information to any person or entity in connection with,

any transaction involving the investment in or acquisition of the
Company or its assets or business, other than with the Investor/Partner.

**9. CONFIDENTIALITY**

Each party agrees to maintain the confidentiality of all information
received from the other party and to use such information solely for
purposes of evaluating the proposed transaction. This confidentiality
obligation shall survive the termination of this Term Sheet.

**10. EXPENSES**

Each party shall bear its own expenses incurred in connection with the
proposed transaction, including fees and expenses of financial advisors,
attorneys, and accountants.

**11. TERMINATION**

This Term Sheet shall terminate upon the earlier of:

1.  Execution of definitive agreements

2.  Mutual agreement of the parties

3.  Expiration of the Exclusivity Period without execution of definitive
    agreements

**12. GOVERNING LAW**

This Term Sheet shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of \[JURISDICTION\], without giving effect to principles of
conflicts of law.

**13. NON-BINDING NATURE**

Except for the provisions relating to Exclusivity, Confidentiality, and
Governing Law, this Term Sheet is not intended to create and shall not
create any binding legal obligation on the part of either party. No
binding agreement shall exist unless and until definitive agreements
have been executed and delivered by both parties.

**14. EXPIRATION**

This Term Sheet shall expire if not accepted by the Company within
\[NUMBER\] days from the date hereof.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Term Sheet as of the
date first written above.

**\[INVESTOR/PARTNER NAME\]**

By: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Name:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Title:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Date:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

**SKELSA PRIVATE LIMITED**

By: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Name:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Title:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Date:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
